Coleophora accola is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.
Alan Levin is the former CFO of Pfizer, Inc. He joined Pfizer in 1987, was elected treasurer in 1995 and was named vice president in 1997. Since April 2003 he oversaw the company's tax, treasury and accounting services organizations as senior vice president for finance and strategic management. He is a 1976 graduate of the New York University Stern School of Business. On May 21, 2007, Pfizer announced Levin's retirement as well as that of R&D Chief John LaMattina.
Coleophora accadica is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.
The next American carrier raid was targeted at the Japanese base at the newly-captured city, Rabaul, but Admiral Wilson Brown aborted the operation on February 20 after he learned that his USS Lexington task force (TF 11), running off Bougainville Island, was spotted by a Japanese patrol plane — and that the vital element of surprise was lost. TF 11 immediately turned and began withdrawing, but was soon targeted by a squadron of 17 Mitsubishi G4M "Betty" land-based medium bombers. Therein ensued a daylong series of maneuvers and aerial attacks and battles between the two forces: Japanese fighter-planes and bombers attacked TF 11 while US Navy air squadrons defended. On both sides individual efforts of heroism were common. US Navy Lieutenant Edward O'Hare was credited with shooting down five enemy bombers and became the first US Navy aviator in World War II to receive the Medal of Honor — (later he was made namesake of O'Hare airfield in Chicago).
Rusty bloodwood was first formally described in 1843 by Johannes Conrad Schauer in Walpers ' book Repertorium Botanices Systematicae and given the name Eucalyptus ferruginea. In 1995, Ken Hill and Lawrie Johnson changed the name to Corymbia ferruginea.
Cometaster is a monotypic moth genus of the family Erebidae erected by George Hampson in 1913. Its only species, Cometaster pyrula, the faint owl moth or ying-yang moth, was first described by Carl Heinrich Hopffer in 1857.
In the final stages reaction of 35 with isohexylmagnesium bromide 36 gave diol 37, acetic acid treatment gave dehydration and then hydrogenation gave acetate 38. Hydrolysis of this ester gave cholestanol 39. The route from cholestanol to cholesterol was already known (see: Robinson synthesis).
The 1988 edition of the Liberty Bowl, marked the 30th edition and the kickoff occurred in sub-freezing conditions. The Hoosiers scored early in the game when Anthony Thompson gave Indiana a 7–0 lead with his nine-yard touchdown run. They extended their lead further to 17–0 at halftime after a ten-yard Dave Schnell touchdown pass to Calvert Miller and a 28-yard Pete Stoyanovich field goal in the second quarter. The Gamecocks scored their only touchdown early in the third quarter when Antonio Walker blocked a Macky Smith punt that was recovered and returned 34-yards by Mike Tolbert for the score. Each team then traded field goals, Stoyanovich from 19-yards for Indiana and Collin Mackie from 44-yards for Carolina that made the score 20–10 at the end of the third quarter. The Hoosiers then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns and won 34–10. Points were scored on an 88-yard, Rob Turner touchdown reception from Dave Schnell and an eight-yard Thompson run. Dave Schnell was named the MVP of the game as he completed 16 of 31 passes for 378 yards and two touchdowns.
In April 2008, Alex Mendelssohn donated his painting entitled Venice to the 14th Annual Celebrity Fight Night in Scottsdale, Arizona, in honour of Muhammad Ali, featuring Live Auction items and star-studded live musical performances that raised funds for the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center at Barrow Neurological Institute as the primary beneficiary.
Hughes was born in Liverpool, England, to Agnes Veronica (née Carroll) and Francis Malachy Hughes. He and his parents emigrated to Australia when he was a small child. He attended various schools, including Christian Brothers College, Fremantle, before going on to the University of Western Australia, but did not complete his degree. Working for CSBP, a chemical and fertiliser supplier, Hughes became involved with the Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union, serving as a shop steward and later as an organiser. He was elected to the Fremantle City Council in 1980, and served until 1985. Hughes entered parliament at the 1984 Cockburn by-election, which had been caused by the resignation of Don Taylor (a former deputy premier). He was re-elected at the 1986 state election. Hughes was undergoing treatment for melanoma at the time of the election, and died of the disease less than two months later, aged 38. He had married Elizabeth Woodcock in 1977, with whom he had two children.
