It was discovered on 22 September 1963, by Indiana University's Indiana Asteroid Program at its Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn, Indiana, United States. It was later named after solar astronomer Robert Raynolds McMath.
Albert S. Brandeis Elementary School is a former elementary school in Louisville, Kentucky that began operation in 1913. It is listed as a historic building with the National Register of Historic Places. It was patterned after the Charlton House in England. It was designed by J. Earl Henry, the renowned early 20th century Louisville architect.
The Cooksville Cheese Factory in Evansville is a remnant of Wisconsin's early dairy industry. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Community Baptist Christian School is a small private Christian school located in Shields, Michigan, which is a suburb of Saginaw, Michigan. It was started by Community Baptist Church in 1981. As of 2013, it enrolls approximately 110 students.
The 53rd Ohio Infantry mustered out of service at Little Rock, Arkansas, on August 11, 1865.
Hired in January, Mallory was previously the head coach at undefeated Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, where he led the 1973 Miami Redskins football team to an undefeated season.
Lehigh played its first year of home games at Murray H. Goodman Stadium on the university's new Goodman Campus in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Alamo Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 1150 S. Alamo Street in San Antonio, Texas.
The Cummins Creek Wilderness is a 9,300-acre (3,800 ha) wilderness area in the Siuslaw National Forest within the Oregon Coast. It is one of three wilderness areas created in the Siuslaw in 1984, along with Drift Creek and Rock Creek. It is "dedicated to preserve in a wilderness state, the last remaining virgin stands of Sitka spruce, western hemlock and Douglas-fir, in Oregon's coast lands." Cummins Creek and nearby Cummins Ridge are named for F.L. Cummins, an early homesteader.
The 58th Illinois Infantry was organized at Chicago, Illinois and mustered into Federal service on December 26, 1861.
