

The defending champions were Ross County, who defeated Queen of the South in the 2010 final but were knocked out in the first round by Third Division side Elgin City. The tournament winners were Falkirk, who defeated Hamilton Academical in the final with Darren Dods scoring the only goal of the match in the 2nd minute.
The league's runners-up, Medkila, faced Kolbotn, the 9th placed team in the 2020 Toppserien, in a two-legged play-off to decide who will play in the 2021 Toppserien.
Having started out as a hobby, Aishwarya Rao took to bowling professionally and won the Under-21 Junior National Championships in 2011. At the Senior National Championships in 2012, teaming up with the former national champion Prathima Hegde, she won her first senior doubles event and also the mixed doubles event with another former national champion Vijay Punjabi as her partner, in 2012. In the singles event, she won the second place behind Sabeena Saleem.
The draw for the second round of the FAI Cup was made on RTÉ 's Monday Night Soccer programme on 30 April. Pats were drawn away to Crumlin United who they knocked out of the competition in 2011 after a 3–0 win. With Crumlin's ground deemed unsuitable for the tie, the club's came to an agreement to play the game at St.Pats' home ground of Richmond Park Pats went 1–0 up early on after Darren Meenan's cross was poorly cleared on the volley by Crumlin United's Derek Griffin and it looped over Dave Meehan in goal. The lead was doubled after 12 minutes when FAI Ford Man of The Match Jake Carroll beat a defender and slotted his shot into the corner. Substitute Jake Kelly made it 3–0 with 3 minutes to go when he drove his shot into the bottom corner.
Brighton earned a second successive championship, despite the loss of manager Micky Adams early in the season - however, they would also have to cope with the loss of replacement manager Peter Taylor after the season ended. Reading earned the runners-up spot after four seasons in Division Two, and the play-offs were won by Stoke City who, despite this success, sacked manager Gudjon Thordarson immediately afterwards (leaving Reading in the odd position of being the only top six side to start the 2002–03 season with the same manager that they had at the start of the 2001–02 season).
Opener "Across the Universe," with its twinning of Frisell's electric guitar and Leisz's pedal steel as Scheinman's violin picks up the lyric melody and extrapolates its harmonic aspects, is indicative of the recording's M.O., offering a close examination of Lennon the composer. The interplay between the three principals is remarkable, such as on the intro to "Nowhere Man," where Scheinman's ostinato tenses up in advance of the changes, and Leisz grounds her fluidly while Frisell pulls his lower strings to wind up, allowing the track to begin then flow into more open areas without losing sight of the melody.
RTÉ showed Pats' next game live as they traveled to league leaders Sligo Rovers. The Saints were the better side in the first half but found themselves 1-0 down after an unlucky own goal from center back Kenny Browne. Substitute Sean O'Connor scored after a great piece of skill from John Russell and the Inchicore side had the chance to win it in the 90th minute when they were awarded a penalty for Jason McGuinness ' foul on Dean Kelly but top scorer Chris Fagan blazed the spotkick over the bar. To add to the disappointment of missing out on 2 valuable points from this fixture, Saints fans later received news that pivotal midfielder James Chambers ' injury sustained in the game would see him out of action for 8 weeks.
Concord Rangers were champions, winning their third Essex Senior League title and were promoted to the Isthmian League for the first time in their history.
Following a three-year WHL career in Seattle, Schwab saw time with the ECHL 's Cincinnati Cyclones and the AHL's Utica Devils before settling in with the AHL's Albany River Rats for two seasons. During the 1994-95 season, Schwab was joined by fellow 1990 draftee Mike Dunham between the pipes. While Schwab led the league in goals against average with 2.59, the two combined for the AHL's fewest goals against and were awarded the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Trophy as well as the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as the playoff MVP's helping the River Rats capture their first Calder Cup title.
Ilya Ivashka won his maiden ATP Tour title, defeating Mikael Ymer in the final, 6–0, 6–2. Ivashka became the first Belarusian man to win an ATP singles title since Max Mirnyi in 2003, while Ymer became the first Swedish man to reach an ATP singles final since Robin Söderling in 2011.


Coleophora accola is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.
Alan Levin is the former CFO of Pfizer, Inc. He joined Pfizer in 1987, was elected treasurer in 1995 and was named vice president in 1997. Since April 2003 he oversaw the company's tax, treasury and accounting services organizations as senior vice president for finance and strategic management. He is a 1976 graduate of the New York University Stern School of Business. On May 21, 2007, Pfizer announced Levin's retirement as well as that of R&D Chief John LaMattina.
Coleophora accadica is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.
The next American carrier raid was targeted at the Japanese base at the newly-captured city, Rabaul, but Admiral Wilson Brown aborted the operation on February 20 after he learned that his USS Lexington task force (TF 11), running off Bougainville Island, was spotted by a Japanese patrol plane — and that the vital element of surprise was lost. TF 11 immediately turned and began withdrawing, but was soon targeted by a squadron of 17 Mitsubishi G4M "Betty" land-based medium bombers. Therein ensued a daylong series of maneuvers and aerial attacks and battles between the two forces: Japanese fighter-planes and bombers attacked TF 11 while US Navy air squadrons defended. On both sides individual efforts of heroism were common. US Navy Lieutenant Edward O'Hare was credited with shooting down five enemy bombers and became the first US Navy aviator in World War II to receive the Medal of Honor — (later he was made namesake of O'Hare airfield in Chicago).
Rusty bloodwood was first formally described in 1843 by Johannes Conrad Schauer in Walpers ' book Repertorium Botanices Systematicae and given the name Eucalyptus ferruginea. In 1995, Ken Hill and Lawrie Johnson changed the name to Corymbia ferruginea.
Cometaster is a monotypic moth genus of the family Erebidae erected by George Hampson in 1913. Its only species, Cometaster pyrula, the faint owl moth or ying-yang moth, was first described by Carl Heinrich Hopffer in 1857.
In the final stages reaction of 35 with isohexylmagnesium bromide 36 gave diol 37, acetic acid treatment gave dehydration and then hydrogenation gave acetate 38. Hydrolysis of this ester gave cholestanol 39. The route from cholestanol to cholesterol was already known (see: Robinson synthesis).
The 1988 edition of the Liberty Bowl, marked the 30th edition and the kickoff occurred in sub-freezing conditions. The Hoosiers scored early in the game when Anthony Thompson gave Indiana a 7–0 lead with his nine-yard touchdown run. They extended their lead further to 17–0 at halftime after a ten-yard Dave Schnell touchdown pass to Calvert Miller and a 28-yard Pete Stoyanovich field goal in the second quarter. The Gamecocks scored their only touchdown early in the third quarter when Antonio Walker blocked a Macky Smith punt that was recovered and returned 34-yards by Mike Tolbert for the score. Each team then traded field goals, Stoyanovich from 19-yards for Indiana and Collin Mackie from 44-yards for Carolina that made the score 20–10 at the end of the third quarter. The Hoosiers then closed the game with a pair of fourth-quarter touchdowns and won 34–10. Points were scored on an 88-yard, Rob Turner touchdown reception from Dave Schnell and an eight-yard Thompson run. Dave Schnell was named the MVP of the game as he completed 16 of 31 passes for 378 yards and two touchdowns.
In April 2008, Alex Mendelssohn donated his painting entitled Venice to the 14th Annual Celebrity Fight Night in Scottsdale, Arizona, in honour of Muhammad Ali, featuring Live Auction items and star-studded live musical performances that raised funds for the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center at Barrow Neurological Institute as the primary beneficiary.
Hughes was born in Liverpool, England, to Agnes Veronica (née Carroll) and Francis Malachy Hughes. He and his parents emigrated to Australia when he was a small child. He attended various schools, including Christian Brothers College, Fremantle, before going on to the University of Western Australia, but did not complete his degree. Working for CSBP, a chemical and fertiliser supplier, Hughes became involved with the Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union, serving as a shop steward and later as an organiser. He was elected to the Fremantle City Council in 1980, and served until 1985. Hughes entered parliament at the 1984 Cockburn by-election, which had been caused by the resignation of Don Taylor (a former deputy premier). He was re-elected at the 1986 state election. Hughes was undergoing treatment for melanoma at the time of the election, and died of the disease less than two months later, aged 38. He had married Elizabeth Woodcock in 1977, with whom he had two children.


The leaves, known as tējapattā or tejpatta (तेजपत्ता) in Hindi, tejpat (तेजपात/তেজপাত) in Nepali, Maithili and Assamese, tejpata (তেজপাতা) in Bengali, vazhanayila/edanayila (വഴനയില/എടനഇല) in Malayalam, kadu dhalchini (kn:ಕಾಡು ದಾಲ್ಚಿನ್ನಿ) in Kannada, and tamalpatra (તમલપત્ર) in Gujarati, or तमालपत्र in Marathi and in original Sanskrit, are used extensively in the cuisines of India, Nepal, and Bhutan, particularly in the Mughlai cuisine of North India and Nepal and in tsheringma herbal tea in Bhutan. They are called biryani aaku or bagharakku in Telugu.
Since 2003 Carpenter has been performing with leading musicians and orchestras in the United States and Europe. As the First Prize winner of the 2005 Philadelphia Orchestra Young Artists Competition, he performed the Walton Viola Concerto with the Philadelphia Orchestra under the baton of Christoph Eschenbach. He has made his recital debuts in the United States at venues as Carnegie Hall and the Kennedy Center. He made his debut in Germany with the Staatskapelle Dresden performing the Schnittke Viola Concerto. In 2008, he was Maxim Vengerov ’s last-minute replacement for performances of Benjamin Yusupov 's Viola, Tango, Rock Concerto with the Lucerne Symphony Orchestra in Switzerland. He has performed in the United States at Avery Fisher Hall, Chicago’s Krannert Center, and San Francisco’s Herbst Theatre, among other venues. In September, David released his first recording on the Ondine label with a viola version of the Elgar Cello Concerto (arr. Lionel Tertis/Carpenter) and the Schnittke Viola Concerto with the Philharmonia Orchestra under Christoph Eschenbach. The disc received international acclaim and received awards such as the Editor’s Choice Award by Gramophone Magazine and Disc of the Month by The New Yorker. Carpenter was also the recipient of the 2010 Avery Fisher Career Grant.
The neighborhood is mainly a residential zone, with some small shops and businesses such as convenience stores, tailor shops, restaurants and tortillerías.
The moth flies from May to August depending on the location.
All the police (Dinamo) and trade union (Spartaku) clubs changed their name to simply the town name, apart from Partizani and Dinamo Tirana.
There are lots of workshops around for visitors, ranging from photography exhibitions, faire trade, etc.
NB: apart from the last round, the matches Korça vs Kavaja and Korça vs Shkodra were not played.
There were also occasional features on related subjects such as war films, vehicle preservation, war memorials.
The top staff is for the bugler, while the lower staff is for the drums and the cymbals.
There was only a preliminary round in this tournament, and the top 3 teams at the end of the round qualified for the 2010 World Championships. No placement matches were played.


It was discovered on 22 September 1963, by Indiana University's Indiana Asteroid Program at its Goethe Link Observatory near Brooklyn, Indiana, United States. It was later named after solar astronomer Robert Raynolds McMath.
Albert S. Brandeis Elementary School is a former elementary school in Louisville, Kentucky that began operation in 1913. It is listed as a historic building with the National Register of Historic Places. It was patterned after the Charlton House in England. It was designed by J. Earl Henry, the renowned early 20th century Louisville architect.
The Cooksville Cheese Factory in Evansville is a remnant of Wisconsin's early dairy industry. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Community Baptist Christian School is a small private Christian school located in Shields, Michigan, which is a suburb of Saginaw, Michigan. It was started by Community Baptist Church in 1981. As of 2013, it enrolls approximately 110 students.
The 53rd Ohio Infantry mustered out of service at Little Rock, Arkansas, on August 11, 1865.
Hired in January, Mallory was previously the head coach at undefeated Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, where he led the 1973 Miami Redskins football team to an undefeated season.
Lehigh played its first year of home games at Murray H. Goodman Stadium on the university's new Goodman Campus in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
Alamo Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 1150 S. Alamo Street in San Antonio, Texas.
The Cummins Creek Wilderness is a 9,300-acre (3,800 ha) wilderness area in the Siuslaw National Forest within the Oregon Coast. It is one of three wilderness areas created in the Siuslaw in 1984, along with Drift Creek and Rock Creek. It is "dedicated to preserve in a wilderness state, the last remaining virgin stands of Sitka spruce, western hemlock and Douglas-fir, in Oregon's coast lands." Cummins Creek and nearby Cummins Ridge are named for F.L. Cummins, an early homesteader.
The 58th Illinois Infantry was organized at Chicago, Illinois and mustered into Federal service on December 26, 1861.


They were convicted of propaganda against the state and sentenced by the People's Court of Nghệ An in Vietnam to two to three and a half years of imprisonment. The four were denied access to legal counsel until just before the trial. Of the four, one was arrested in December 2011, while the other three had been awaiting trial since their arrests in August 2011. Only after protesting outside were families and supporters of the four were allowed into the courtroom.
Four alliances and 23 parties submitted documents to Armenia's Central Electoral Commission (CEC) in order to register for the elections. This is a significant increase in the number of parties competing, as only nine parties and two alliances had competed in the parliamentary elections held two years earlier. Several of the parties and all of the alliances were established in 2020 or 2021, following Armenia's defeat in the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war. In total, four alliances and 23 parties participated in the election.
The Independent High Electoral Commission announced that Iraqis living outside of Iraq can vote in any of the 130 voting stations that were set up in 21 countries. 18 of the stations were in the United States, 15 in Sweden, 15 in Turkey, 14 in Iran, 13 in Jordan, 8 in the United Kingdom, 8 in Australia, 7 in Germany, 7 in Canada, 5 in Egypt, 4 in Denmark, 2 in Lebanon, and one each in France, Syria, Finland, Belgium, Austria, Norway, and New Zealand.
A government lawyer is an attorney who works for a government agency, representing its legal interests. They are essentially the legal counsel for the government, advising on various legal matters and advocating for the government's position in court.
The Credit Union Membership Access Act is an Act for the United States government that amended the Federal Credit Union Act in 1998. The bill was proposed on the heels of the Supreme Court decision in NCUA v. First National Bank & Trust against the National Credit Union Administration, a key victory in the American Bankers Association 's legislative agenda and a major setback to credit unions. The Act reversed this ruling, authorizing credit unions to have multiple common bonds among their memberships.
The United States is a federation of states. The U.S. Constitution creates a federal government and legislature that has general powers over the territory of the whole and over foreign policy, whereas the individual states have their own governments that, within the scope allowed by the federal constitution, have local territorial jurisdiction. There is a system of federal courts which have jurisdiction to hear charges alleging federal crimes, and state courts have jurisdiction to hear charges alleging violations of local state law.
The species is dedicated to Mr. Hugo van der Wolf, Nuenen, the Netherlands, as one of the participants of the Netherlands Entomological Expedition to the north of Argentina in 1995-1996.
The object of the International 5.5 Metre Class Association is to promote and develop 5.5 Metre racing throughout the World. The first President of the association was Mr. Owen Aisher.
The regulations concerning termination of employment under the Act establish a system of notices of termination based on the employee's length of service, which cannot be derogated from to the detriment of the employee. There is also the possibility of compensation in certain cases. At minimum, the employee will receive 1 month severance, provided they have passed the initial "probationary" period. After six months, the severance will be 3 months, etc.
The Banque de l'Algérie introduced its first notes in 1861. Denominations of 5, 10, 50, 100, 500 and 1,000 francs were introduced by 1873 although the 10-franc note was issued only in 1871. In 1944, notes were issued in the name of the Région économique d'Algérie in denominations of 50 centimes and 1 and 2 francs. The Bank of Algeria introduced notes worth 10,000 francs and 5,000 francs in 1945 and 1946, respectively.


Alleh-ye Band-e Qir (Persian: عله بندقير, also Romanized as ʿAlleh-ye Band-e Qīr) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 148, in 23 families.
Ahmed El Sheikh (Egyptian Arabic: أحمد الشيخ, born 12 June 1990) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Ghazl El Mahalla SC as an attacking midfielder.
Abr (Persian: ابر; also known as Abz) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,383, in 355 families.
The 1964 Liège–Bastogne–Liège was the 50th edition of the Liège–Bastogne–Liège cycle race and was held on 3 May 1964. The race started and finished in Liège. The race was won by Willy Bocklant of the Flandria team.
The 1950 Liège–Bastogne–Liège was the 36th edition of the Liège–Bastogne–Liège cycle race and was held on 23 April 1950. The race started and finished in Liège. The race was won by Prosper Depredomme.
Dasht-e Mil-e Sofla (Persian: دشت ميل سفلي, also Romanized as Dasht-e Mīl-e Soflá) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 4 families.
The 1930–31 Prima Divisione was the third-level league of the 31st Italian football championship.
Al-Rai (Arabic: الراعي, al-Ra'i or al-Rayi; Turkish: Çobanbey), is a small town in northern Aleppo Governorate, northern Syria. With 4,609 inhabitants, as per the 2004 census, al-Rai is the administrative center of the sparsely populated Nahiya al-Rai. Located on the Istanbul - Baghdad Railway and close to the Turkish border, right across Elbeyli, it is however a strategically important village. The town of Akhtarin, some 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) to the southwest. Larger towns are Azaz, some 35 kilometers (22 mi) to the west, and Jarablus and Manbij, both some 45 kilometers (28 mi) to the east.
Ades Kari-ye Olya (Persian: عدس كاري عليا, also Romanized as ‘Ades Kārī-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families.
Aleksandar Berić (Serbo-Croatian Cyrillic: Александар Берић; 13 June 1906 – 12 April 1941) was a Yugoslav naval officer who was killed during the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941.


Borri also made observations on the magnetic variation of the compass. According to Kircher (1641) he drew up the first chart for the Atlantic and Indian Oceans showing the spots where the magnetic needle makes the same angles with the meridian; if this is true, he should be regarded as the forerunner of Edmund Halley. Borrus gives the explanation to the chart in a manuscript that belongs to the Royal Academy at Lisbon. In another manuscript, now in Évora, Tratada da arte de navegar pelo Cristovao Bruno, which bears on the same subject, he makes suggestions, according to Allatius (1633), as to a new method for determining the longitude at sea and also concerning improvements in sea-charts. Philip II of Spain, desiring to understand the Borrus' nautical studies and inventions, once summoned him from Coimbra to Madrid. He also wrote Doctrina de Tribus Coelis, Aereo, Sydereo et Empeireo, and also some accounts of his travels for the Congregatio de Propaganda Fide.
Ezinachi is a ward in the southern area of Okigwe in Nigeria, West Africa. Ezinachi refers to the descendants and family genealogy of Nnachi. The undisputable history and oral traditions shows that Nnachi and his households settled in present day Ezinachi having moved from Ihube his senior brother, to make way for expansion many years ago about 10th century AD. His location of original settlement is at IKPA-OYI near present day Ezinachi College and IYIOBA. Nnachi households was made of Ihite and Ikenga. Ihite begot Ise and Ogwugwu. Ikenga begot Ohia and Obi (Orie). Ise begot Ukwa (Amukwa), Aja, Achi, Ubahu, Oma, Udo and Isiokwe. Ogwugwu begot Oba, Ajarata, Ogwe and Ebiri. Ohia begot Diaba, Oho, Ovoroagu and Onuma. Obi begot Orie, Achara, Ike Gbuala, Ohia Obi. Their descendants are Ndiohia, Amaukwa, Ajanaumunna, Amachi, Ubahu, Umuoma, Umudo, Isiokwe, Umuoparaoba, Amajarata, Ndingeleogwe, Umuebiri, Umudiaba, Umuoho, Umuonuma, Ovoro/Umuagu, Amorie, Amachara, Umuike, Uhugbuala/Ndiuzorie, Obiohia,Umuonuma, Ovoro/Umuagu, Amorie, Amachara, Umuike, Uhugbuala/Ndiuzorie, Obiohia.
Adenosine-phosphate deaminase is found in most, if not all organisms in all tissues, however, muscle tissue is the richest source. The basic pathway of adenosine-phosphate deaminase is to replace a C-N bond of a 5'-AMP to replace the carboxyl group forming 5'-IMP. 5'-IMP is then catalyzed by Inosine-5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in guanine nucleotide biosynthesis. This is at the center of cell growth and proliferation. Specifically within marine mollusks, studies suggest that adenosine-phosphate deaminases are widely distributed across the phylum. However, it was noticed that the pathways varied within each individual species, suggesting that different substrates are preferred within different species. The source organisms for this enzyme are Porphyra crispata, Desulfovibrio desulfuricans, Aspergillus sp..
Aglaomorpha quercifolia (synonym Drynaria quercifolia), commonly known as the oakleaf fern or oakleaf basket fern, is a species of Aglaomorpha in the family Polypodiaceae. Other common names for the fern are pakpak lawin, gurar, koi hin, ashvakatri, kabkab, kabkaban, or uphatkarul.
Although morphology of the mushroom or fruit body (basidiocarp) was the basis of early classification of the Agaricomycetes, this is no longer the case. As an example, the distinction between the Gasteromycetes (including puffballs) and Agaricomycetes (most other agaric mushrooms) is no longer recognized as a natural one—various puffball species have apparently evolved independently from agaricomycete fungi. However, most mushroom guide books still group the puffballs or gasteroid forms separate from other mushrooms because the older Friesian classification is still convenient for categorizing fruit body forms. Similarly, modern classifications divide the gasteroid order Lycoperdales between Agaricales and Phallales.
De Mensurabili Musica (concerning measured music) is a musical treatise from the early 13th century (medieval period, c. 1240) and is the first of two treatises traditionally attributed to French music theorist Johannes de Garlandia; the other is de plana musica (Concerning Plainchant). De Mensurabili Musica was the first to explain a modal rhythmic system that was already in use at the time: the rhythmic modes. The six rhythmic modes set out by the treatise are all in triple time and are made from combinations of the note values longa (long) and brevis (short) and are given the names trochee, iamb, dactyl, anapest, spondaic and tribrach, although trochee, dactyl and spondaic were much more common. It is evident how influential Garlandia's treatise has been by the number of theorists that have used its ideas. Much of the surviving music of the Notre Dame School from the 13th century is based on the rhythmic modes set out in De Mensurabili Musica.
The European Union grant programs have encouraged many Corsican wineries to upgrade their facilities with temperature controlled stainless steel fermentation tanks. This allows the white and rosé wines from this warmer climate wine region to be fermented cool at between 64–68 °F (18–20 °C). Reds are often fermented in excess of 86 °F (30 °C) though some winemakers have experimented with cooler fermentation. Rosés are produced using the saignée method with malolactic fermentation being intentionally suppressed (as they usually are with Corsican whites as well). Red wines normally will go through malolactic fermentation and spend some time aging in oak barrels, though the use of new oak and extended oak aging has been a relatively recent development in Corsican winemaking. The white wines of Corsica are rarely exposed to oak, though some winemakers have experimented with making a Burgundian or Muscadet style wine from Vermentino which includes barrel fermentation and significant amount of lees stirring.
He is best known for his two volumes of lute music: Intavolatura di Liuto et di Chitarrone, libro primo (Bologna, 1623) and Intavolaturo di Liuto (Bologna, 1639), the latter published posthumously by his son Leonardo Maria Piccinini. The 1623 collection is of particular importance because of Piccinini's lengthy preface, which includes a detailed manual on performance, as well as claims to have invented the archlute (Piccinini also made important modifications to the chitarrone). Piccinini concentrated on toccatas, courantes and galliards, as well as different kinds of variations. No other works by Piccinini are known; his music for La selva sin amor, the first opera performed in Spain, composed by his brother Filippo Piccinini is lost.
Careful tending and decoration of graves is a practice first recorded at Keera near Bingara in 1857. The use of "crystalled" glass has been noted at Euraba, Toomelah, Goondabluie, Angledool and Dungalear. Unbroken and broken bottles have also been noted on early graves at Goodooga and Burra Bee Dee. Families relocated from Angledool to Brewarrina in the 1830s introduced the use of "crystalled" glass in their own mourning practice. Goodall suggests that the use of "crystalled" glass was a progression from the earlier practice of decorating graves with carefully selected pebbles. She noted a possible progression in the use of grave adornments at Angledool and at Dungalear and suggests that the use of glass at Angledool may date from 1912 when the government station was established there. She also noted that the practice of "cooking" the glass in pits is reminiscent of traditional cooking methods.
Acmispon maritimus, synonym Lotus salsuginosus, is a species of legume native to Arizona, California and northwestern Mexico. It is known by the common name coastal bird's-foot trefoil. It grows in many types of mountain, desert, and scrub habitat, not necessarily near the coast. It is an annual herb quite variable in morphology, from petite to bushy, hairless to roughly hairy, and prostrate to erect in form. The slender stems are lined with leaves each made up of pairs of leaflets variable in shape and size. The inflorescence is a small array of 1 to 4 yellow flowers, each up to a centimeter long or so. The elongated flower corolla emerges from a tubular calyx of sepals. The fruit is a legume pod up to 3 centimeters long. Laboratory studies have shown this species, which occurs in wildfire -prone habitat such as chaparral, to have an increased rate of seed germination after exposure to heat.


Wildlife sanctuaries play a crucial role in preserving biodiversity and represent significant ecotourism potential, making them prominent sites for effective management and conservation efforts. These sanctuaries provide a habitat for a majority of the remaining flora and fauna species, particularly mammalian herbivores. However, human activities are causing increasing degradation of wildlife sanctuaries. Anthropogenic activities like game exploitation, logging, farming, and urbanization in the vicinity of protected areas pose significant challenges to wildlife conservation, particularly in West Africa. Consequently, numerous species have become rare, and their population numbers and habitats have seen significant declines in the past century. Human activities, both legal and illegal, can lead to the extinction of fauna species, particularly mammalian herbivores, and the loss of herbivores can disrupt ecosystems, often negatively affecting other species and ecosystem services. Both the environment and anthropogenic effects pose threats to the populations of large and small mammals. Human activities, especially illegal ones, have disrupted the ecological balance in protected areas, affecting various fauna species within these ecosystems. This disruption has significantly increased the rate of mammal extinction, impacting more than one-fifth of all global mammal species. Despite their important ecosystem services, fauna species continue to be endangered by human-induced activities. Habitat destruction and degradation stand out as major factors contributing to the extinction and decline of mammalian herbivores. Mammalian herbivores encompass mammals of various body sizes, both small and large, adapted to consuming plant materials and playing a fundamental role in rangeland dynamics. They are categorized into grazers, primarily feeding on grasses and forbs, and browsers, primarily feeding on woody vegetation. These herbivores inhabit diverse terrestrial ecosystems across the globe.
Seatronics became the first sponsor of the club, helping to acquire the first full team kit that allowed the team to participate in the Scottish Cup qualifiers that took place in April 2007. After a clear 9-0 defeat in their first match against Scottish league record champions Chapel Floorball Club the Oilers managed a deserved 5-5 draw in a hard fought match against Balwearie Lightning.The next tournament on the agenda was the British National Championships organised by the Great Britain Floorball Federation and played in Perth on the first weekend in May 2007. A group of 15 Oilers made their way down to central Scotland to attend the flagship competition in British floorball and meet teams from all over the country. Drawn in a group together with teams from Bath, Glenrothes and Linlithgow the Oilers managed to secure a clear 5-0 victory in their first match against Linlithgow. The second match against Chapel Floorball Club from Glenrothes ended in an undeserved 4-1 defeat after a good game with plenty of goal opportunities on both sides. A further defeat against Bath meant that Aberdeen Oilers ended up 3rd in their group. The relatively good goal difference however allowed the team to progress to the quarter-finals of the tournament where they played later finalists Brighton Rock. The match ended 4-1 in favour of Brighton. To determine the final placing of teams, a further round saw the first clash between Dundee Northern Lights and the Oilers, a game which proved to be one of the closest fought in the whole tournament. Regular time could not split the two sides after the Oilers scored an equaliser in the dying seconds of the game. The penalty shoot-out ended in sudden death after 7th rounds with the more experienced Dundee side finally winning the game. Aberdeen ended up 8th overall.
Members of Senate and National Assembly cast their vote at Parliament House whereas members of Provincial Assemblies cast their vote at respective assemblies.
The 2019 Thai League 4 Western region is a region in the regional stage of the 2019 Thai League 4. A total of 9 teams located in Western, Central, and Bangkok Metropolitan Region of Thailand will compete in the league of the Western region.
The 1949 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University (BYU) as a member of the Skyline Six Conference during the 1949 college football season In their first season under head coach Chick Atkinson, the Cougars compiled an overall record of 0–11 with a mark of 0–5 against confernece opponents, finished last in the Skyline Six, and were outscored by a total of 372 to 105.
The 1966 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in the 1966 NCAA University Division football season. Red Parker served as head coach for the first season. The Bulldogs played as members of the Southern Conference and played home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium.
February 26, 2011 - Guest act at Naach Nation 9, an intercollegiate dance showcase, held at Columbia University in New York City.
AB Bank PLC. (formerly Arab Bangladesh Bank) is a leading public limited bank in Bangladesh. AB Bank Limited was incorporated on 31st December 1981 and its the first commercial private bank in Bangladesh.
The 2021 African Badminton Championships were held in two separate events. The mixed team event, officially All Africa Mixed Team Championships 2021, was a continental tournament to crown the best team in Africa holding from 21 to 24 October. The individual event, officially All Africa Individual Championships 2021, was a continental tournament to crown the best players in Africa holding from 26 to 28 October. A total of 11 countries across Africa registered their players to compete at this event.
The 1967–68 Houston Cougars men's basketball team represented the University of Houston in the 1967–68 NCAA University Division men's basketball season. The team played its home games at Delmar Fieldhouse in Houston for the second consecutive season. This season marked the team's ninth year as an independent member of the NCAA's University Division. Houston was led by twelfth-year head coach Guy Lewis.


The 2014–15 NBA Development League season was the 14th season of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League). The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned by the National Basketball Association (NBA). The NBA D-League expanded to a record 18 teams for the 2014–15 season. For the first time in league history the NBA D-League was aligned into two conferences with two divisions each, two with five and two with four.
The 2010 NCAA Division II men's basketball tournament involved 64 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division II college basketball as a culmination of the 2009–10 basketball season. It began on March 13, 2010. The tournament was won by the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) men's basketball team, which defeated Indiana University of Pennsylvania, 65–53, in the title game. The championship was the first in the Broncos' history after ending runner-up in 2009.
The 2010 NCAA Division II football season, part of college football in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division II level, began on September 4, 2010, and concluded with the NCAA Division II Football Championship on December 18, 2010 at Braly Municipal Stadium in Florence, Alabama, hosted by the University of North Alabama. The Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs defeated the Delta State Statesmen, 20–17, to win their second Division II national title.
In 2022 Garner was awarded an ANU Australian Studies Institute Visiting Fellowship and in 2023, a National Library of Australia research fellowship, to research the life and times of Mavis Robertson AM.
The ANU College of Law is home to numerous internationally-regarded researchers and practitioners, and offers a range of undergraduate and postgraduate law programs.
The races set the field for the 51st running of "The Great American Race", and are the only races in the NASCAR Sprint Cup that qualifies drivers and their teams for a points-paying race. The top 35 drivers from the previous season automatically made "The Great American Race" regardless of position. Race one sets the field for spaces on the inside of the pole sitter (in this case, Martin Truex Jr.), which is locked in via the traditional two-lap process on February 8, while race two sets the field on the outside behind other front row driver. The field for race one consisted of the cars that qualified in odd-numbered positions (1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, etc.) and race two conversely saw cars that qualified in even-numbered positions (2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, etc.). All starting positions for the 500 were determined by the duels, except for the front row which is locked in after qualifying. In the races, the top two finishers not in the Top 35 from the previous season automatically qualify. The remaining cars are locked in via qualifying speeds, point owners exemptions and (if needed) a past champion's provisional going to the most recent past champion.
Hill's tenure as Boylston Professor coincided with a widely growing cultural desire for education in Reconstruction-Era America. The number of colleges in America, particularly small, religious colleges, rose rapidly after 1865, and universities across the country saw their student populations increase in turn. As the industrial revolution began to move more and more people to cities, many individuals saw college as an opportunity to make themselves marketable for jobs.
The 2010 NCAA Division III baseball tournament was played at the end of the 2010 NCAA Division III baseball season to determine the 35th national champion of college baseball at the NCAA Division III level. The tournament concluded with eight teams competing at Time Warner Cable Field at Fox Cities Stadium in Grand Chute, Wisconsin for the championship. Eight regional tournaments were held to determine the participants in the World Series. Regional tournaments were contested in double-elimination format, with four regions consisting of six teams, one consisting of seven, and three consisting of eight, for a total of 55 teams participating in the tournament, up from 54 in 2009. The tournament champion was Illinois Wesleyan, who defeated SUNY Cortland for the championship.
The 2023 NCAA Division II baseball tournament was the 55th edition of the NCAA Division II baseball tournament. The 56-team tournament decided the champion of baseball at the NCAA Division II level for the 2023 season. The Angelo State Rams won their first men's national championship as a member of the NCAA by defeating Rollins. Pitcher Aaron Munson was named tournament MVP.
On another front, the Allende government continued the agrarian reform initiated by previous administrations but on a larger scale. More than six million hectares of land were expropriated and distributed among thousands of peasants and small landowners in rural Chile. This led to increased social and political divisions within the country, as different social groups had contrasting views on the government's measures and progress. The discontent caused by these policies further polarized Chilean society. Ultimately, the country became divided into two major blocs, leading to a tense and polarized political climate.


Acacia lirellata is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Juliflorae that is endemic to south western Australia.
Acacia nuperrima is a shrub of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to a large area across northern Australia.
Acanthobrama marmid, or the Mesopotamian bream or Tigris bream, is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae. It is widespread and abundant in the Tigris–Euphrates river system. It lives in many kinds of lowland waters, and can also tolerate modified water bodies such as reservoirs and moderately-polluted rivers.
An almucantar (also spelled almucantarat or almacantara) is a circle on the celestial sphere parallel to the horizon. Two stars that lie on the same almucantar have the same altitude.
Acacia nodiflora is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae that is endemic to western Australia.
Acacia nova-anglica, commonly known as New England hickory, is a shrub belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Phyllodineae that is endemic to eastern Australia.
Adozelesin is an experimental antitumor drug of the duocarmycin class. It binds to and alkylates DNA, resulting in a reduction of both cellular and simian virus 40 (SV40) DNA replication which ultimately reduces the rate of cancer growth.
At age 15 he joined the Order of St Basil the Great, and after novitiate studied philosophy and theology in Canada and then at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome.
Ancylolomia tripunctalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Koen V. N. Maes in 2011. It is found in Cameroon.
Acroteriobatus is a genus of fish in the Rhinobatidae family. Although its constituent species were previously assigned to Rhinobatos, recent authors treat it as distinct.
