Borri also made observations on the magnetic variation of the compass. According to Kircher (1641) he drew up the first chart for the Atlantic and Indian Oceans showing the spots where the magnetic needle makes the same angles with the meridian; if this is true, he should be regarded as the forerunner of Edmund Halley. Borrus gives the explanation to the chart in a manuscript that belongs to the Royal Academy at Lisbon. In another manuscript, now in Évora, Tratada da arte de navegar pelo Cristovao Bruno, which bears on the same subject, he makes suggestions, according to Allatius (1633), as to a new method for determining the longitude at sea and also concerning improvements in sea-charts. Philip II of Spain, desiring to understand the Borrus' nautical studies and inventions, once summoned him from Coimbra to Madrid. He also wrote Doctrina de Tribus Coelis, Aereo, Sydereo et Empeireo, and also some accounts of his travels for the Congregatio de Propaganda Fide.
Ezinachi is a ward in the southern area of Okigwe in Nigeria, West Africa. Ezinachi refers to the descendants and family genealogy of Nnachi. The undisputable history and oral traditions shows that Nnachi and his households settled in present day Ezinachi having moved from Ihube his senior brother, to make way for expansion many years ago about 10th century AD. His location of original settlement is at IKPA-OYI near present day Ezinachi College and IYIOBA. Nnachi households was made of Ihite and Ikenga. Ihite begot Ise and Ogwugwu. Ikenga begot Ohia and Obi (Orie). Ise begot Ukwa (Amukwa), Aja, Achi, Ubahu, Oma, Udo and Isiokwe. Ogwugwu begot Oba, Ajarata, Ogwe and Ebiri. Ohia begot Diaba, Oho, Ovoroagu and Onuma. Obi begot Orie, Achara, Ike Gbuala, Ohia Obi. Their descendants are Ndiohia, Amaukwa, Ajanaumunna, Amachi, Ubahu, Umuoma, Umudo, Isiokwe, Umuoparaoba, Amajarata, Ndingeleogwe, Umuebiri, Umudiaba, Umuoho, Umuonuma, Ovoro/Umuagu, Amorie, Amachara, Umuike, Uhugbuala/Ndiuzorie, Obiohia,Umuonuma, Ovoro/Umuagu, Amorie, Amachara, Umuike, Uhugbuala/Ndiuzorie, Obiohia.
Adenosine-phosphate deaminase is found in most, if not all organisms in all tissues, however, muscle tissue is the richest source. The basic pathway of adenosine-phosphate deaminase is to replace a C-N bond of a 5'-AMP to replace the carboxyl group forming 5'-IMP. 5'-IMP is then catalyzed by Inosine-5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) in guanine nucleotide biosynthesis. This is at the center of cell growth and proliferation. Specifically within marine mollusks, studies suggest that adenosine-phosphate deaminases are widely distributed across the phylum. However, it was noticed that the pathways varied within each individual species, suggesting that different substrates are preferred within different species. The source organisms for this enzyme are Porphyra crispata, Desulfovibrio desulfuricans, Aspergillus sp..
Aglaomorpha quercifolia (synonym Drynaria quercifolia), commonly known as the oakleaf fern or oakleaf basket fern, is a species of Aglaomorpha in the family Polypodiaceae. Other common names for the fern are pakpak lawin, gurar, koi hin, ashvakatri, kabkab, kabkaban, or uphatkarul.
Although morphology of the mushroom or fruit body (basidiocarp) was the basis of early classification of the Agaricomycetes, this is no longer the case. As an example, the distinction between the Gasteromycetes (including puffballs) and Agaricomycetes (most other agaric mushrooms) is no longer recognized as a natural one—various puffball species have apparently evolved independently from agaricomycete fungi. However, most mushroom guide books still group the puffballs or gasteroid forms separate from other mushrooms because the older Friesian classification is still convenient for categorizing fruit body forms. Similarly, modern classifications divide the gasteroid order Lycoperdales between Agaricales and Phallales.
De Mensurabili Musica (concerning measured music) is a musical treatise from the early 13th century (medieval period, c. 1240) and is the first of two treatises traditionally attributed to French music theorist Johannes de Garlandia; the other is de plana musica (Concerning Plainchant). De Mensurabili Musica was the first to explain a modal rhythmic system that was already in use at the time: the rhythmic modes. The six rhythmic modes set out by the treatise are all in triple time and are made from combinations of the note values longa (long) and brevis (short) and are given the names trochee, iamb, dactyl, anapest, spondaic and tribrach, although trochee, dactyl and spondaic were much more common. It is evident how influential Garlandia's treatise has been by the number of theorists that have used its ideas. Much of the surviving music of the Notre Dame School from the 13th century is based on the rhythmic modes set out in De Mensurabili Musica.
The European Union grant programs have encouraged many Corsican wineries to upgrade their facilities with temperature controlled stainless steel fermentation tanks. This allows the white and rosé wines from this warmer climate wine region to be fermented cool at between 64–68 °F (18–20 °C). Reds are often fermented in excess of 86 °F (30 °C) though some winemakers have experimented with cooler fermentation. Rosés are produced using the saignée method with malolactic fermentation being intentionally suppressed (as they usually are with Corsican whites as well). Red wines normally will go through malolactic fermentation and spend some time aging in oak barrels, though the use of new oak and extended oak aging has been a relatively recent development in Corsican winemaking. The white wines of Corsica are rarely exposed to oak, though some winemakers have experimented with making a Burgundian or Muscadet style wine from Vermentino which includes barrel fermentation and significant amount of lees stirring.
He is best known for his two volumes of lute music: Intavolatura di Liuto et di Chitarrone, libro primo (Bologna, 1623) and Intavolaturo di Liuto (Bologna, 1639), the latter published posthumously by his son Leonardo Maria Piccinini. The 1623 collection is of particular importance because of Piccinini's lengthy preface, which includes a detailed manual on performance, as well as claims to have invented the archlute (Piccinini also made important modifications to the chitarrone). Piccinini concentrated on toccatas, courantes and galliards, as well as different kinds of variations. No other works by Piccinini are known; his music for La selva sin amor, the first opera performed in Spain, composed by his brother Filippo Piccinini is lost.
Careful tending and decoration of graves is a practice first recorded at Keera near Bingara in 1857. The use of "crystalled" glass has been noted at Euraba, Toomelah, Goondabluie, Angledool and Dungalear. Unbroken and broken bottles have also been noted on early graves at Goodooga and Burra Bee Dee. Families relocated from Angledool to Brewarrina in the 1830s introduced the use of "crystalled" glass in their own mourning practice. Goodall suggests that the use of "crystalled" glass was a progression from the earlier practice of decorating graves with carefully selected pebbles. She noted a possible progression in the use of grave adornments at Angledool and at Dungalear and suggests that the use of glass at Angledool may date from 1912 when the government station was established there. She also noted that the practice of "cooking" the glass in pits is reminiscent of traditional cooking methods.
Acmispon maritimus, synonym Lotus salsuginosus, is a species of legume native to Arizona, California and northwestern Mexico. It is known by the common name coastal bird's-foot trefoil. It grows in many types of mountain, desert, and scrub habitat, not necessarily near the coast. It is an annual herb quite variable in morphology, from petite to bushy, hairless to roughly hairy, and prostrate to erect in form. The slender stems are lined with leaves each made up of pairs of leaflets variable in shape and size. The inflorescence is a small array of 1 to 4 yellow flowers, each up to a centimeter long or so. The elongated flower corolla emerges from a tubular calyx of sepals. The fruit is a legume pod up to 3 centimeters long. Laboratory studies have shown this species, which occurs in wildfire -prone habitat such as chaparral, to have an increased rate of seed germination after exposure to heat.
