The defending champions were Ross County, who defeated Queen of the South in the 2010 final but were knocked out in the first round by Third Division side Elgin City. The tournament winners were Falkirk, who defeated Hamilton Academical in the final with Darren Dods scoring the only goal of the match in the 2nd minute.
The league's runners-up, Medkila, faced Kolbotn, the 9th placed team in the 2020 Toppserien, in a two-legged play-off to decide who will play in the 2021 Toppserien.
Having started out as a hobby, Aishwarya Rao took to bowling professionally and won the Under-21 Junior National Championships in 2011. At the Senior National Championships in 2012, teaming up with the former national champion Prathima Hegde, she won her first senior doubles event and also the mixed doubles event with another former national champion Vijay Punjabi as her partner, in 2012. In the singles event, she won the second place behind Sabeena Saleem.
The draw for the second round of the FAI Cup was made on RTÉ 's Monday Night Soccer programme on 30 April. Pats were drawn away to Crumlin United who they knocked out of the competition in 2011 after a 3–0 win. With Crumlin's ground deemed unsuitable for the tie, the club's came to an agreement to play the game at St.Pats' home ground of Richmond Park Pats went 1–0 up early on after Darren Meenan's cross was poorly cleared on the volley by Crumlin United's Derek Griffin and it looped over Dave Meehan in goal. The lead was doubled after 12 minutes when FAI Ford Man of The Match Jake Carroll beat a defender and slotted his shot into the corner. Substitute Jake Kelly made it 3–0 with 3 minutes to go when he drove his shot into the bottom corner.
Brighton earned a second successive championship, despite the loss of manager Micky Adams early in the season - however, they would also have to cope with the loss of replacement manager Peter Taylor after the season ended. Reading earned the runners-up spot after four seasons in Division Two, and the play-offs were won by Stoke City who, despite this success, sacked manager Gudjon Thordarson immediately afterwards (leaving Reading in the odd position of being the only top six side to start the 2002–03 season with the same manager that they had at the start of the 2001–02 season).
Opener "Across the Universe," with its twinning of Frisell's electric guitar and Leisz's pedal steel as Scheinman's violin picks up the lyric melody and extrapolates its harmonic aspects, is indicative of the recording's M.O., offering a close examination of Lennon the composer. The interplay between the three principals is remarkable, such as on the intro to "Nowhere Man," where Scheinman's ostinato tenses up in advance of the changes, and Leisz grounds her fluidly while Frisell pulls his lower strings to wind up, allowing the track to begin then flow into more open areas without losing sight of the melody.
RTÉ showed Pats' next game live as they traveled to league leaders Sligo Rovers. The Saints were the better side in the first half but found themselves 1-0 down after an unlucky own goal from center back Kenny Browne. Substitute Sean O'Connor scored after a great piece of skill from John Russell and the Inchicore side had the chance to win it in the 90th minute when they were awarded a penalty for Jason McGuinness ' foul on Dean Kelly but top scorer Chris Fagan blazed the spotkick over the bar. To add to the disappointment of missing out on 2 valuable points from this fixture, Saints fans later received news that pivotal midfielder James Chambers ' injury sustained in the game would see him out of action for 8 weeks.
Concord Rangers were champions, winning their third Essex Senior League title and were promoted to the Isthmian League for the first time in their history.
Following a three-year WHL career in Seattle, Schwab saw time with the ECHL 's Cincinnati Cyclones and the AHL's Utica Devils before settling in with the AHL's Albany River Rats for two seasons. During the 1994-95 season, Schwab was joined by fellow 1990 draftee Mike Dunham between the pipes. While Schwab led the league in goals against average with 2.59, the two combined for the AHL's fewest goals against and were awarded the Harry "Hap" Holmes Memorial Trophy as well as the Jack A. Butterfield Trophy as the playoff MVP's helping the River Rats capture their first Calder Cup title.
Ilya Ivashka won his maiden ATP Tour title, defeating Mikael Ymer in the final, 6–0, 6–2. Ivashka became the first Belarusian man to win an ATP singles title since Max Mirnyi in 2003, while Ymer became the first Swedish man to reach an ATP singles final since Robin Söderling in 2011.
