The 2014–15 NBA Development League season was the 14th season of the NBA Development League (NBA D-League). The NBA D-League is the official minor league basketball organization owned by the National Basketball Association (NBA). The NBA D-League expanded to a record 18 teams for the 2014–15 season. For the first time in league history the NBA D-League was aligned into two conferences with two divisions each, two with five and two with four.
The 2010 NCAA Division II men's basketball tournament involved 64 schools playing in a single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of men's NCAA Division II college basketball as a culmination of the 2009–10 basketball season. It began on March 13, 2010. The tournament was won by the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) men's basketball team, which defeated Indiana University of Pennsylvania, 65–53, in the title game. The championship was the first in the Broncos' history after ending runner-up in 2009.
The 2010 NCAA Division II football season, part of college football in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division II level, began on September 4, 2010, and concluded with the NCAA Division II Football Championship on December 18, 2010 at Braly Municipal Stadium in Florence, Alabama, hosted by the University of North Alabama. The Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs defeated the Delta State Statesmen, 20–17, to win their second Division II national title.
In 2022 Garner was awarded an ANU Australian Studies Institute Visiting Fellowship and in 2023, a National Library of Australia research fellowship, to research the life and times of Mavis Robertson AM.
The ANU College of Law is home to numerous internationally-regarded researchers and practitioners, and offers a range of undergraduate and postgraduate law programs.
The races set the field for the 51st running of "The Great American Race", and are the only races in the NASCAR Sprint Cup that qualifies drivers and their teams for a points-paying race. The top 35 drivers from the previous season automatically made "The Great American Race" regardless of position. Race one sets the field for spaces on the inside of the pole sitter (in this case, Martin Truex Jr.), which is locked in via the traditional two-lap process on February 8, while race two sets the field on the outside behind other front row driver. The field for race one consisted of the cars that qualified in odd-numbered positions (1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, etc.) and race two conversely saw cars that qualified in even-numbered positions (2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, etc.). All starting positions for the 500 were determined by the duels, except for the front row which is locked in after qualifying. In the races, the top two finishers not in the Top 35 from the previous season automatically qualify. The remaining cars are locked in via qualifying speeds, point owners exemptions and (if needed) a past champion's provisional going to the most recent past champion.
Hill's tenure as Boylston Professor coincided with a widely growing cultural desire for education in Reconstruction-Era America. The number of colleges in America, particularly small, religious colleges, rose rapidly after 1865, and universities across the country saw their student populations increase in turn. As the industrial revolution began to move more and more people to cities, many individuals saw college as an opportunity to make themselves marketable for jobs.
The 2010 NCAA Division III baseball tournament was played at the end of the 2010 NCAA Division III baseball season to determine the 35th national champion of college baseball at the NCAA Division III level. The tournament concluded with eight teams competing at Time Warner Cable Field at Fox Cities Stadium in Grand Chute, Wisconsin for the championship. Eight regional tournaments were held to determine the participants in the World Series. Regional tournaments were contested in double-elimination format, with four regions consisting of six teams, one consisting of seven, and three consisting of eight, for a total of 55 teams participating in the tournament, up from 54 in 2009. The tournament champion was Illinois Wesleyan, who defeated SUNY Cortland for the championship.
The 2023 NCAA Division II baseball tournament was the 55th edition of the NCAA Division II baseball tournament. The 56-team tournament decided the champion of baseball at the NCAA Division II level for the 2023 season. The Angelo State Rams won their first men's national championship as a member of the NCAA by defeating Rollins. Pitcher Aaron Munson was named tournament MVP.
On another front, the Allende government continued the agrarian reform initiated by previous administrations but on a larger scale. More than six million hectares of land were expropriated and distributed among thousands of peasants and small landowners in rural Chile. This led to increased social and political divisions within the country, as different social groups had contrasting views on the government's measures and progress. The discontent caused by these policies further polarized Chilean society. Ultimately, the country became divided into two major blocs, leading to a tense and polarized political climate.
