They were convicted of propaganda against the state and sentenced by the People's Court of Nghệ An in Vietnam to two to three and a half years of imprisonment. The four were denied access to legal counsel until just before the trial. Of the four, one was arrested in December 2011, while the other three had been awaiting trial since their arrests in August 2011. Only after protesting outside were families and supporters of the four were allowed into the courtroom.
Four alliances and 23 parties submitted documents to Armenia's Central Electoral Commission (CEC) in order to register for the elections. This is a significant increase in the number of parties competing, as only nine parties and two alliances had competed in the parliamentary elections held two years earlier. Several of the parties and all of the alliances were established in 2020 or 2021, following Armenia's defeat in the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war. In total, four alliances and 23 parties participated in the election.
The Independent High Electoral Commission announced that Iraqis living outside of Iraq can vote in any of the 130 voting stations that were set up in 21 countries. 18 of the stations were in the United States, 15 in Sweden, 15 in Turkey, 14 in Iran, 13 in Jordan, 8 in the United Kingdom, 8 in Australia, 7 in Germany, 7 in Canada, 5 in Egypt, 4 in Denmark, 2 in Lebanon, and one each in France, Syria, Finland, Belgium, Austria, Norway, and New Zealand.
A government lawyer is an attorney who works for a government agency, representing its legal interests. They are essentially the legal counsel for the government, advising on various legal matters and advocating for the government's position in court.
The Credit Union Membership Access Act is an Act for the United States government that amended the Federal Credit Union Act in 1998. The bill was proposed on the heels of the Supreme Court decision in NCUA v. First National Bank & Trust against the National Credit Union Administration, a key victory in the American Bankers Association 's legislative agenda and a major setback to credit unions. The Act reversed this ruling, authorizing credit unions to have multiple common bonds among their memberships.
The United States is a federation of states. The U.S. Constitution creates a federal government and legislature that has general powers over the territory of the whole and over foreign policy, whereas the individual states have their own governments that, within the scope allowed by the federal constitution, have local territorial jurisdiction. There is a system of federal courts which have jurisdiction to hear charges alleging federal crimes, and state courts have jurisdiction to hear charges alleging violations of local state law.
The species is dedicated to Mr. Hugo van der Wolf, Nuenen, the Netherlands, as one of the participants of the Netherlands Entomological Expedition to the north of Argentina in 1995-1996.
The object of the International 5.5 Metre Class Association is to promote and develop 5.5 Metre racing throughout the World. The first President of the association was Mr. Owen Aisher.
The regulations concerning termination of employment under the Act establish a system of notices of termination based on the employee's length of service, which cannot be derogated from to the detriment of the employee. There is also the possibility of compensation in certain cases. At minimum, the employee will receive 1 month severance, provided they have passed the initial "probationary" period. After six months, the severance will be 3 months, etc.
The Banque de l'Algérie introduced its first notes in 1861. Denominations of 5, 10, 50, 100, 500 and 1,000 francs were introduced by 1873 although the 10-franc note was issued only in 1871. In 1944, notes were issued in the name of the Région économique d'Algérie in denominations of 50 centimes and 1 and 2 francs. The Bank of Algeria introduced notes worth 10,000 francs and 5,000 francs in 1945 and 1946, respectively.
