Dahoma is an unincorporated community in Nassau County, Florida, United States. It is located on US 301, in the southwestern part of the county.
Dahoma is located at 30°28′11″N 81°54′31″W / 30.4697°N 81.9086°W.
Doman designed the Allied Subjects' Medal which was issued in 1922. This medal design was produced for a War Office competition of 1921. He also designed the 1928 Armistice medal (marking 10 years since the end of the First World War) which was issued by the Royal Mint.
Dhasmana was born on 2 October 1957 in Pauri, Uttarakhand and holds an M.Com. degree from Uttar Pradesh. He is 1981-batch Madhya Pradesh cadre IPS officer and was appointed on 3 December 1981. His domain of expertise is considered to be Balochistan, counter-terrorism and Islamic affairs. He also has a vast experience on Pakistan and Afghanistan.
AllThingsD.com also hosted content concerning its D Conferences; besides the annual main event in late Spring, in December 2010 they hosted D: Dive Into Mobile, the first brand extension of the conference in which representatives from leading mobile device and software producers were interviewed by members of AllThingsD.
Dagon Township (Burmese: ဒဂုံ မြို့နယ်) is located immediately north of downtown Yangon. The township comprises five wards, and shares borders with Bahan Township in the north, Ahlon Township in the west, Mingala Taungnyunt Township in the east, and Lanmadaw Township, Latha Township and Pabedan Township in the south.
Lama Shashi Dhoj Tulachan is the spiritual leader of Chhairo Gompa having been given responsibility for Chhairo Gompa by the current incarnation who is not a practicing lama.He is responsible for the physical reconstruction of the gompa as well as the teaching of the young monks from Mid West Region who have been brought to re-establish the gompa's monastic purpose.
Since 2021, Darian Clark has led the organisation as Chief Executive Officer.
Drayton Entertainment does not receive funding from any level of government for its annual operations and annual attendance exceeds 250,000. This makes Drayton Entertainment one of the largest professional theatre companies in Canada. It is also recognized by Canadian Actors' Equity Association as one of the largest employers of professional artists in Canada.
Dzidzienyo died of cancer in October 2020. His extensive personal collection of research documents from his years at Brown was later sorted and archived by students. He formed "lasting personal relationships with his students" as a mentor, fostering generations of scholars in Afro-Brazilian studies and encouraging them to learn Portuguese.


A massage session typically begins with light petting from head to tail, both to relax the cat and to note areas of muscular tension, lumps, swelling, elevated temperature. After the cat has shown that it is relaxed, the owner may employ the effleurage technique: gliding, stroking motions with an open hand and medium pressure, following the muscle contours, and "toward the heart, so from the toes toward the torso, and from the backside toward the head". This is helpful in stimulating circulation of blood and lymph, as well as warming up the soft tissues; it may be effective in relieving edema (swelling caused by fluid build-up) in particular. This may progress to petrissage, a series of kneading and skin-rolling strokes of the skin and muscles, "from the ends of the limbs to the torso and from the tail to the head". This may relieve muscle tension, knots, and spasms. A more advanced technique is tapotement, the use of a rapid series of concussive or percussive medium-firm strokes to tap or carefully "chop" thicker muscles. This is performed using the edge of the hand, with either the fingertips held together or with the hand cupped circularly. This technique stimulates muscles and other tissues, increasing blood and lymph circulation. The massage session generally ends with another round of gentle stroking.
The depletion of Zn is necessary, because this isotope is transformed into Zn by neutron capture. Zn with a half-life of 244.26 days emits gamma radiation with 1.115 MeV. Zn has a natural abundance of 48.6%, but in DZO it is reduced below 1%. Adding zinc oxide to the primary water loop of a boiling water reactor or pressurized water nuclear reactor reduces corrosion and therefore minimizes the amount of dissolved materials, especially Co.
In 1791, the French Academy of Sciences chose to define the metre as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the North or South Pole. This replaced the earlier definition based on the period of a pendulum, because the force of Earth's gravity varies slightly over the surface of the Earth, which affects the period of a pendulum. To establish a universally accepted foundation for the definition of the metre, more accurate measurements of a meridian were needed. The French Academy of Sciences commissioned an expedition led by Jean Baptiste Joseph Delambre and Pierre Méchain, lasting from 1792 to 1799, which attempted to accurately measure the distance between a belfry in Dunkerque and Montjuïc castle in Barcelona to estimate the length of the meridian arc through Dunkerque. This portion of the meridian, assumed to be the same length as the Paris meridian, was to serve as the basis for the length of the quarter meridian connecting the North Pole with the Equator. The problem with this approach is that the exact shape of the Earth is not a simple mathematical shape, such as a sphere or oblate spheroid, at the level of precision required for defining a standard of length. The irregular and particular shape of the Earth smoothed to sea level is represented by a mathematical model called a geoid, which literally means "Earth-shaped". Despite these issues, in 1793 France adopted this definition of the metre as its official unit of length based on provisional results from this expedition. However, it was later determined that the first prototype metre bar was short by about 200 micrometres because of miscalculation of the flattening of the Earth, making the prototype about 0.02% shorter than the original proposed definition of the metre. Regardless, this length became the French standard and was progressively adopted by other countries in Europe. This is why the polar circumference of the Earth is 40,008 km, instead of 40,000.
By 1648, records indicate that there had been a noticeable extension of the spit at Shoreham of 1.4 kilometres (0.87 mi) and the total length of the spit was 2.4 kilometres (1.5 mi). A 1698 record shows that it had extended a further six hundred metres (660 yd) and that many bars had formed within the river. As Shoreham beach grew eastwards it thinned to less than five hundred metres (550 yd) by 1698 and the lagoons opposite New Shoreham had silted up and become marshland. A number of artificial cuts were made in the late 17th and 18th centuries but these all silted up. By 1757, the Adur entered the sea at Aldrington, 5.1 kilometres (3.2 mi) and in 1760 the decision was taken to create an artificial cut at Kingston to improve access to the port and upstream drainage upstream. The new cut resulted in increased tidal floes which overwhelmed the saltmarshes on the north bank. A map of 1778–1783 showed that there was a belt of marsh which was protected by the shingle bar to the east of the exit, then wider than the present bar. Deposition of sediment meant the entrance to the port continued to drift and in 1818 the original 1760 cut was re-excavated and groynes and breakwaters were built to protect it. In 1821 the cut was made a permanent opening by the building of walls while in 1860 the old channel east of Kingston was canalised to become a basin where water levels were controlled by locks. The estuary appears to have been stabilised from 1816, however, the mud and sand banks within the estuary have shifted. The western arm of the shingle bar has gained sufficient material for housing development to be permitted. The eastern arm has seen the amount of shingle slowly decrease and this has caused concern about the safety and stability of the former power station at Shoreham.
This species, at 21 cm (8.3 in), is a fairly large species. Among standard measurements, the wing chord is 7.9 to 9.2 cm (3.1 to 3.6 in), the relatively short tail is 8.9 to 10.6 cm (3.5 to 4.2 in), the bill is 1.5 to 1.8 cm (0.59 to 0.71 in) and the tarsus is 2.8 to 3.4 cm (1.1 to 1.3 in). Males weigh from 61 to 68 g (2.2 to 2.4 oz) and females from 54.5 to 62.5 g (1.92 to 2.20 oz). In terms of weight, and standard bill and tarsal measurements, this is the largest species of emberizid overall, although related species, including Abert's, canyon and California towhees, outrank the collared towhee in overall length, as well as tail and wing length. In the collared towhee, the chestnut cap, yellowish green upperparts, black cheek and breast band, gray flanks, and white chin are curiously similar to that of the chestnut-capped brush finch, but note the latter's thinner breast band and more golden (not whitish) supercilium. The towhee's trilling song interspersed with chips is also very different from the brush-finche's very high-pitched hissing song.
The height of the shell varies between 10 mm and 12 mm, its diameter between 12 mm and 15 mm. The very solid, deeply, narrowly false-umbilicate shell has a globose-conic shape. It is fawn colored, lighter beneath and roseate at the apex. The shell is sharply granose-lirate, usually with every second rib articulated with dots of white or black or both. It contains about 6 whorls. The upper ones are nearly fiat, the penultimate and last convex, the former with 7 or 8 spiral distinctly granose lirae, the last with about 18, of which the 7th usually is upon the periphery. The interstices are finely obliquely striate. The body whorl is deflected anteriorly, and rounded at the periphery. The; base of the shell is somewhat convex. The oblique aperture is small and contracted. The outer lip bears within a strong tooth above, and an inconspicuous rather acute thread at the place of the periphery. The basal lip is expanded, curved and slightly denticulate. The columella is very oblique, slightly tortuous above and enters very deeply, terminating below in a strong plicate tooth, and with a smooth margin, save for a small denticle immediately above the basal tooth. The parietal tract is wrinkled. The umbilicus has a plicate-denticulate border.
Corymbia ferruginea is a straggly tree that typically grows to a height of 3–12 m (9.8–39.4 ft) and forms a lignotuber. Young plants and coppice regrowth have more or less sessile, rusty green, hairy, broadly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or elliptical leaves that are 60–140 mm (2.4–5.5 in) long and 25–70 mm (0.98–2.76 in) wide. The leaves in the crown of the tree are juvenile leaves that are the same shade of dull green on both sides, with brown hairs along the veins, broadly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or elliptical, 63–180 mm (2.5–7.1 in) long and 30–90 mm (1.2–3.5 in) wide and sessile or on a petiole up to 8 mm (0.31 in) long. The flower buds are arranged on the ends of branchlets of a branched, densely hairy, rusty brown peduncle 4–35 mm (0.16–1.38 in) long, each branch of the peduncle with three or seven buds. The buds are sessile or on pedicels up to 5 mm (0.20 in) long. Mature buds are oval to pear-shaped, 7–14 mm (0.28–0.55 in) long and 5–8 mm (0.20–0.31 in) wide with a rounded operculum. Flowering occurs from January to April and the flowers are pale creamy yellow. The fruit is a woody urn-shaped capsule 18–33 mm (0.71–1.30 in) long and 15–29 mm (0.59–1.14 in) wide with the valves enclosed in the fruit.
In 1958, she began dividing her time between Barcelona, Paris, and Caracas and continued to show in group exhibitions at the Sala Mendoza (a Kunsthalle run by the Fundación Mendoza in Caracas) in 1959 and 1960. Her first one-person exhibition of her high-fire pottery was held at the Museo de Bellas Artes (Caracas) in 1963, followed by a solo exhibition at the Sala Mendoza in 1964, where she presented works from her Los Bichos (Bugs) series of fantastical animals. This exhibition marked a pivotal moment, as Merchán transitioned from the tradition of utilitarian ceramics, and became more interested in the medium as sculpture. Her work was shown internationally throughout her lifetime, including solo exhibitions at the Museo de Bellas Artes (1969), Henriette Gomès gallery in Paris (1973, 1976, and 1977), and at the Museu de Cerámica in Barcelona (1980). Her later works consisted mainly of ovoid vases, glazed and fired at high temperatures. Merchán is distinguished by her glazes of subtle tonal variations that are laid over surfaces alternately smooth, textured, or incised with simplistic geometric patterns. Her personal collection of works is now housed at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, the Louvre, Paris.
True to its name, the glacier lies inside the north-facing crater left by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens and the glacier's elevation is about 6,794 ft (2,071 m). A massive central lava dome emplaced from 1980 to 1987 occupies the center of the crater, and the glacier formed in the shape of a horseshoe around the dome, with two terminal moraines on the eastern and western sides. Heavy winter snowfall, repeated snow avalanches, rockfalls, and sun-shading by the surrounding cliffs to the south, led to the exceptionally rapid growth of this glacier. Thus, the glacier composition is estimated to be 60% ice and 40% rock, with an average thickness of 328 feet (100 m) and a maximum thickness of around 656 feet (200 m); nearly as deep as Mount Rainier 's Carbon Glacier. None of the ice is older than the year 1980, but by 2001 the volume of the new glacier was about 40%-50% as large as all the pre–1980 glaciers combined. The surface of the glacier looks dark and dirty in the summer due to the numerous rockfalls from the steep, unstable crater walls along with ash from eruptions, all of which help to insulate and protect the growing glacier. The 2004-2008 volcanic activity created a series of domes that nearly split the glacier into two lobes at the south end of the crater. In spite of the four-year lava dome building period, the glacier remains North America 's youngest and fastest growing glacier. With the joining of the termini on the north end of Crater Glacier in May 2008, the body of ice completely encircles the lava domes. Meltwater from the glacier gives rise to Loowit Creek.
Geyish brown; the vertex of head dark; pro-, meso-, and meta- thorax each with a dark transverse streak; dorso-lateral oblique dark stripes on each segment of the abdomen. Fore wing with nine curved and waved antemedial dark lines, the interspaces between three of the pairs of lines being filled in with dark brown, so as to form one subbasal and two antemedial bands; a dark-ringed pale speck at end of cell, the pale center being sometimes obsolete; four postmedial curved lines; an oblique dark band from beyond the middle of the costa to outer angle, in some of the forms produced outwards along vein 5 so as to be more oblique; a pale submarginal obsolescent line from below the apex to outer angle, sometimes carried out to the margin at vein 4. Hind wing brownish fuscous, with traces of a pale patch and dark lines near anal angle. Underside more or less suffused with ferruginous, ochreous, and grey; the outer margin of both wings dark; hind wing with five indistinct lines.......larva green; a series of brown dorsal spots and of lateral oblique stripes on 5th to 10th somites; an ocellated spot on 4th somite; a black stripe from 1st to 4th somite, with a yellow line above it; horn brown.


Male, female. Forewing length 3.7 mm. Head: frons ochreous-white, vertex, neck tufts and collar dark brown with reddish gloss, laterally and medially lined white; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally; scape dorsally shining dark brown with white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna dark brown with a white line from base to three-fifths, often partly interrupted, followed towards apex by eight dark brown segments, two white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown, four to five white and two or three dark brown segments at the apex. Thorax and tegulae dark brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: dark greyish brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous grey, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one and two, segment three white in basal half, segment five entirely white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one lined white on the outside and with a white apical ring, segments two and four with white apical spots and segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, tarsal segments one to four with white apical rings, segment five dorsally white, spurs white dorsally, greyish brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, four white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, slightly bending from costa, a short medial in the centre underneath the end of the subcostal, a subdorsal about as long as the medial, but slightly further from base, a yellow-orange transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum, bordered on the inner and outer edge by broad tubercular golden metallic fasciae, the inner fascia almost perpendicular on dorsum, not reaching costa and with a blackish spot subcostally on the outside, the outer fascia inwardly oblique and strongly narrowed at one-third from the costa, lined dark brown on the inside at costa and dorsum, a white costal streak beyond the outer fascia, a white apical line from the distal half of apical area to apex, cilia dark brown around apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing dark greyish brown, cilia dark brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white costal streak indistinctly and the white apical line distinctly visible in the apical cilia. Abdomen dorsally dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, ventrally dark grey, in the middle shining ochreous-white, segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft dorsally dark grey, ventrally ochreous-white.
His first work, written in conjunction with Charles-Louis-Joseph-Xavier de la Vallée-Poussin (1827–1904), was the Mémoire sur les caractères minéralogiques et stratigraphiques des roches dues plutoniennes de la Belgique et de l'Ardenne française (1876). In later essays and papers he dealt with the structure and mineral composition of many igneous and sedimentary rocks, and with the phenomena of metamorphism in Belgium and other countries. In acknowledgment of his work, the Bigsby Medal was awarded to him in 1885 by the Geological Society of London. Still more important were his later researches connected with the Challenger Expedition. The various rock specimens and oceanic deposits were submitted to him for examination in association with Sir John Murray, and their detailed observations were embodied in the Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger Deep Sea Deposits (1891). The more striking additions to our knowledge included the detection and description of cosmic dust, which as fine rain slowly accumulates on the ocean floor; the development of zeolitic crystals on the sea-bottom at temperatures of 32 °F (0 °C) and under; and the distribution and mode of occurrence of manganese nodules and of phosphatic and glauconite deposits on the bed of the ocean. Renard died at Brussels on 9 July 1903.
The spreading prostrate shrub typically grows to a height of 0.05 to 0.5 metres (0 to 2 ft) with a sprawling habit. The multistemmed shrub has quite slender branches with a length of up to 1 m (3 ft 3 in) It has glabrous or slightly hairy, green coloured branchlets that have fine yellow-coloured ribbing. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The sessile and evergreen phyllodes are pointing backwards. The pungent, green and glabrous have a linear shape and are straight to shallowly curved with a length of 15 to 25 mm (0.59 to 0.98 in) and a width of 1 to 2 mm (0.039 to 0.079 in) with a prominent midrib. It blooms from August to September and produces yellow flowers. The inflorescences occur on single headed racemes and have spherical flower-heads containing 16 to 24 light golden coloured flowers. The glarous, firmly chartaceous and dark brown seed pods that form after flowering resemble a string of beads and have a length of up to 6 cm (2.4 in) and a width of 3.5 to 4.5 mm (0.14 to 0.18 in). The blackish seeds have a yellow centre and have an oblong to elliptic shape with a length of about 4 mm (0.16 in) and have a club-shaped aril.
All such courts hear trials in at least three divisions (wydziały): a civil (cywilny), a criminal (karny) and a family and minors (rodzinny i nieletnich) one. In addition to that, the courts based in the cities that at the same time host a sąd okręgowy or other located in a city with powiat rights also include an economic (gospodarczy) division; and in most cases also a labour and social insurance (pracy i ubezpieczeń społecznych) division. If a dispute (e.g. between two companies or between an employer and an employee) occurs within the jurisdiction of a court without the relevant chamber, the case must be tried in the nearest court that includes it (as indicated by the minister of justice - this often happens to be the seat of the sąd okręgowy). Since 1 January 2020, some courts may also create an enforcement division (wydział egzekucyjny), dealing mostly with enforcing court's orders to seize assets in order to cover liabilities. Additionally, one of the two regional courts for Lublin additionally operates a nationwide civil division for cases filed using a simplified procedure of the electronic writ of payment (Polish: elektroniczne postępowanie upominawcze), regardless of the sum in dispute.
Male. Forewing length 3.8 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, laterally and medially lined white, collar bronze brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dark brown with white anterior and dorsal lines, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to just before one-half and changing into an interrupted line to three-fifths, followed towards apex by an annulated section of eight segments, seven dark brown, four white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown, three white and five dark brown segments at apex. Thorax dark bronze brown with reddish gloss and a white median line; tegulae bronze brown, inwardly lined white. Legs: ochreous-grey, femora of midleg and hindleg shining pale ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one to three white except at base, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to one-third, a second white lateral line nearly from base to spurs, from there towards dorsum as an oblique line to two-thirds, a short subapical white streak just before the white apical ring, first tarsal segment with a white basal and an ochreous-white apical ring, tarsal segments two to four with indistinct ochreous apical rings, tarsal segment five ochreous-white, spurs ochreous-white, ventrally with a dark grey streak. Forewing dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, five white lines in the basal area, a costal from one-quarter to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to two-fifths, slightly bending from costa, a short and straight medial above fold from one-quarter to near the transverse fascia, a slightly shorter subdorsal below fold, from one-third to just beyond the medial, a broad dorsal nearly from base to one-third and with some greenish and reddish reflections, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum, bordered at the inner edge by two silver metallic, tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subdorsal spot further from base and slightly larger than the subcostal, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot twice as large as the costal and more towards base, the tubercular spots have purplish and greenish reflections, a narrow whitish costal streak apical from the outer costal spot and a shining white apical line inwardly not connected to the transverse fascia and ending in the cilia just before apex, cilia bronze brown around apex, brownish grey towards dorsum. Hindwing shining pale brownish grey, cilia brownish grey. Underside: forewing shining pale greyish brown, the white apical line indistinctly visible, hindwing greyish white, pale brownish grey at costa. Abdomen dorsally yellow, first segment yellowish white, laterally shining grey, ventrally shining white, in middle yellowish white, segments banded shining yellowish white posteriorly, anal tuft shining white.
The Putative Archaeal 2 TMS Holin (A2-Hol) Family (TC# 9.B.109) consists of a few putative holins from Nitrososphaerota ranging in size from about 130 to 165 amino acyl residues (aas) and exhibiting 2 transmembrane segments (TMSs). A representative list of proteins belonging to the A2-Hol family can be found in the Transporter Classification Database. The archaeon, Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum limnia, encodes adjacent genes designated Toxin Secretion/Lysis Holin. The "toxin" gene encodes a soluble protein of 325 aas stated as belonging to the "Glycosyltransferase GBT-type Superfamily". This protein brings up other glycosyltransferases in a NCBI BLAST search. The adjacent gene encodes a small protein of 132 aas and 2 TMSs (TC# 9.B.109.1.1) that could be a holin, based on its size and topology. This protein has the UniProt accession number of S2E3C4. Paralogues are found in this same organism (Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum koreensis) and other closely related species.
The first fossils of Cristatusaurus were found in 1973 by French paleontologist Philippe Taquet at Gadoufaoua, a locality within the Elrhaz Formation in Niger. The holotype specimen, cataloged under the number MNHN GDF 366, consists of two premaxillae (frontmost snout bones), a partial right maxilla (main upper jaw bone), and a dentary fragment from the mandible. Several paratypes have been assigned: MNHN GDF 365, a snout of two articulated premaxillae; as well as MNHN GDF 357, 358, 359 and 361, four dorsal vertebrae. Two thumb claws from separate specimens were also subsequently attributed to Cristatusaurus. In 1984, the premaxilla specimens MNHN GDF 365 and 366 were first described in detail by Taquet, where he referred them to an unnamed new theropod within the family Spinosauridae, because of shared characteristics with the holotype dentary of Spinosaurus aegyptiacus. At the time Taquet believed these specimens belonged to the creature's lower jaw, since no theropod was known then with over five teeth in the premaxilla, while Cristatusaurus had seven. This was later proven incorrect in 1996 by Brazilian paleontologists Alexander Kellner and Diogenes Campos, in light of the discoveries of other spinosaurids preserving upper jaw tips with over five teeth.
Mourad Rais is a Project 1159T frigate (NATO reporting name: Koni II). The frigate has a length of 96.4 m (316 ft), beam of 12.6 m (41 ft) and draught of 3.5 m (11 ft). The frigate has a displacement of 1,463 tonnes (1,440 long tons) standard and 1,930 tonnes (1,900 long tons) at full load. The ship is powered by combined diesel and gas (CODAG) propulsion system, consisted of one SGW Nikolayev M8B gas turbine with 13,250 kilowatts (17,770 shp) and two Russki B-68 diesel engines with 11,630 kilowatts (15,600 shp) connected to three shafts. She has a top speed of 27 knots (50 km/h) with gas turbine and 22 knots (41 km/h) with diesels only, and range of 1,800 NM (3,300 km) with cruising speed of 14 knots (26 km/h). The ship has a complement of 130 personnel.
The main island of Abaiang, Teiro (not to be confused with the small islet of Teirio) has a total land area of 3,552.6 acres (14.377 km) extends from the northern village of Takarano to the southern village of Tabontebike. It occupies the complete eastern rim and also encircles the southern part of the atoll, stretching over a distance of some 23 miles (37 km) Its width ranges from no more than 90 metres (300 feet) to more than 1,000 metres (3,300 feet), averaging 390 metres (1,280 feet). It contains 16 of the 18 villages of the atoll. Two other islets, Riboono 219.3 acres (0.887 km) and Nuotaea 330.9 acres (1.339 km) are also inhabited. The remaining islets of Abaiang but Taete, with a land area of 215.5 acres (0.872 km) are mainly uninhabited, with lack of water and remoteness from the mainland being the main issues. They however are used for fishing, copra cutting and campsites. The islets of Ouba and Teirio have had small motels built on them, with staff travelling from the mainland of Abaiang and from Tarawa when guests are expected.
There are three churches in the colonia with the most important being the San Cosme Church, which was founded in 1575 by Juan de Zumárraga over the ruins of an earlier hermitage dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian. This hermitage was built on what is now the Ribera de San Cosme but then was the country road that connected Mexico City with then-independent city of Tacuba. The church's original purpose was evangelization of the natives of the area, and had a hospital for them. In 1669, the Franciscans converted the site into a charity collection center with the name of Santa María de la Consolación. The first stone of the current church was placed three years later in 1672 with a monastery constructed next door. The work was completed in 1675. Later, it became a parish church, as the monks handed both the church and monastery to regular clergy in 1854. This hospital was secularized to a military hospital, but these facilities were soon moved to the old San Pedro and San Pablo College in 1861. The parish church as a large collection of religious and colonial era art and has a Churrigueresque altarpiece from the 18th century. It was declared a national monument in 1931.


Fellow cartoonist Tony DeZuniga was the first Filipino artist to relocate to the United States to work for DC Comics in 1970, followed by Nestor Redondo and Gerry Talaoc. In 1971 Alcala began a decade of work for both DC and Marvel Comics on horror and fantasy titles, eventually moving to New York City in 1976. He was one of the artists on the licensed movie tie-in series Planet of the Apes and also helped recruit up-and-coming Filipino artists such as Alex Niño to U.S. publishers. In 1975, Alcala and writer Jack Oleck created Kong the Untamed for DC Comics. Later that year, Alcala drew Marvel Treasury of Oz, a comics adaptation of The Marvelous Land of Oz. Alcala joined Warren Publishing in 1977 and drew 39 stories for that publisher from 1977 to 1981. His series Voltar was reprinted in issues #2–9 of The Rook. Alcala executed 12 five panel comic strips for the men's magazine Adam. The strip, Terra O'Hara, was written by Donald (Don) F. Glut and it appeared in 12 successive issues of Adam from December 1979, through November 1980. In the early 1980s he penciled the Star Wars newspaper strip. In 1983 he teamed with the penciller Jack Kirby on Destroyer Duck from Eclipse Comics. and around that same time he also inked comic books such as Conan the Barbarian over John Buscema 's pencils and inked Don Newton 's pencil artwork in Batman.
Rotational laminography requires a complex system to produce the rotating x-ray source, rotate the image detector and maintain synchronization between source and detector. In addition, the laminography systems require a system to map the surface of the object to be imaged. Product to be imaged is rarely perfectly flat. The 5DX system used a laser mapping system to measure bow and twist so that the effects could be compensated for in the imaging process.In the 5DX system the rotating x-ray source is produced by scanning a high energy electron beam around an x-ray producing target integral to the x-ray tube. The rotating detector is implemented by rotating an x-ray sensitive screen mechanically and projecting the image into a high sensitivity digital camera.Aside from the electro-mechanical complexity, the main disadvantages of classical laminography are the background intensity that reduces the contrast resolution and the fact that in each measurement only one slice is imaged sharply. All other slices have to be inspected consecutively by displacing the object vertically.Classical laminography has been replaced by computed tomography (CT) or computed laminography in more modern automated x-ray systems.
Allen Simpson had his father's social responsibility in regard to his workers and to society in general. He was elected to the Hindmarsh ward of the Adelaide City Council in 1901, at the same election as his friend (later Sir) John Lavington Bonython. At that time, they were the youngest two members of Council ever. In 1903, he was elected Alderman after the retirement of Joseph Vardon. He was prominent in the founding of the Metropolitan Dairies Board (later Metropolitan County Board) and its first chairman. He traveled without payment to Britain and Europe to learn about the systems of old-age pensions and electric tramways. He was elected Mayor of Adelaide in 1913 and again in 1914, again second only to Bonython as the youngest to hold that office. With the recession brought on by the closing of mines in 1914 and the record drought, he brought forward outstanding works such as extensions to the Central Market and the Town Hall. In 1915 he initiated the South Australian Soldiers' Fund, and with Lady Galway helped found the Belgium Relief Fund. He made it clear to his employees that any volunteers for overseas service with the 1st AIF could have their jobs back when they returned.
APEX stands for Additive System of Photographic Exposure, whichwas proposed in the 1960 ASA standardfor monochrome film speed, ASA PH2.5-1960,as a means of simplifying exposure computation.
Left Pennsylvania for Washington, D.C. Duty in the defenses of Washington, D. C., until March 1862. Advance on Manassas, Va., March 10–15. Moved to the Peninsula March 28. Siege of Yorktown April 5-May 4. Battle of Williamsburg May 5. Reconnaissance to Seven Pines May 24–27. Skirmishes at Seven Pines, Savage Station and Chickahominy May 24. Seven Pines May 29. Battle of Seven Pines, Fair Oaks, May 31-June 1. Seven days before Richmond June 25-July 1. Brackett's June 30. Malvern Hill July 1. At Harrison's Landing until August 16. Moved to Fortress Monroe August 16–23, then to Suffolk September 18, and duty there until December. Reconnaissance to Franklin on the Blackwater October 3. Ordered to New Berne, N.C., December 4. Foster's Expedition to Goldsborough December 10–21. Southwest Creek December 13–14. Kinston December 14. Whitehall December 16. Goldsborough December 17. Duty at New Bern, N.C., until January 1863. Moved to Port Royal, S.C., January 28–31. At St. Helena Island, S.C., until April. At Folly Island, S.C., until July. Attack on Morris Island July 10. Assaults on Fort Wagner, Morris, Island, S.C., July 11 and 18. Siege of Forts Wagner and Gregg, Morris Island, and operations against Fort Sumter and Charleston July 18-September 7. Duty on Morris and Folly Islands operating against Charleston until December. Moved to Hilton Head, S.C., and duty there until April 1864. Expedition to Whitemarsh Island, Ga., February 22. Moved to Gloucester Point, Va., April. Butler's operations on south side of James River and against Petersburg and Richmond May 4–28. Ware Bottom Church May 9. Swift Creek or Arrow field Church May 9–10. Proctor's Creek and operations against Fort Darling May 12–16. Battle of Drewry's Bluff May 14–16. Operations on Bermuda Hundred front May 17–30. Ware Bottom Church May 20. Port Walthal June 16–17. Siege operations against Petersburg and Richmond June 16 to November 22, 1864. Ware Bottom Church June 20. Demonstration on north side of the James at Deep Bottom August 13–20. Strawberry Plains, Deep Bottom, August 14–18. Chaffin's Farm, New Market Heights, September 28–30. Darbytown Road October 7. Battle of Fair Oaks October 27–28.
The male reproductive organs are located dorsolateral to the median region of the body and includes a pair of testes, a pair of vas defferentia and efferentia, two seminal vesicles, a pair of accessory glands, an ejaculatory bulb, an ejaculatory duct and an aedeagus. The testis are approximately 1.8 mm in length and 1 mm in width and can be separated into two flowery lobes. Each testis has 20 sperm tubules that have a surface covered with a light orange peritoneal sheath. Within each testicular follicle, there are regions that are associated with different stages of development in germ cells. The growth zone is the upper spermatogonia-containing region, the maturation region is the area where spermatogonia divide and are encapsulated, and the transformation is where spermatogonia transform into spermatids and mature spermatozoa.
The asteroid was first identified as 1947 LM at Lowell Observatory in June 1947.The body's observation arc begins with a precovery at Goethe Link Observatory in February 1950, more than 3 years prior to its official discovery observation.
In the GC group, Team Jumbo–Visma continued to keep a steady pace. On the climb of Port de Lers, Enric Mas (Movistar Team) attacked with two of his teammates, building a gap of a minute over the other contenders. Towards the top, Tadej Pogačar (UAE Team Emirates) attacked thrice, twice on the climb and once on the descent, but Vingegaard was able to get to his wheel each time, with both riders slowing down to allow the favorites group to come back. The accelerations caused Mas to be brought back and caused Romain Bardet (Team DSM) to get into difficulty. On the descent, Bardet was able to come back to the GC group. On Mur de Péguère, Movistar Team set the pace before Rafał Majka (UAE Team Emirates) set a faster tempo, thinning out the group. He continued the pace until his chain broke, prompting Sepp Kuss (Team Jumbo–Visma) to take up the pacemaking. Only Pogačar, Vingegaard, and Nairo Quintana (Arkéa–Samsic) remained with Kuss at the top of the climb. On the descent, Geraint Thomas (Ineos Grenadiers) and David Gaudu (Groupama–FDJ) came back to the maillot jaune group before they reached the finish.
During Operation Polyarnaya Zvezda, in February and March, the 64th Guards was in 8th Army. On March 19 it was in the army's second echelon as it started its attack from south of Voronovo towards Mga. During the first three days of intense fighting the first echelon divisions penetrated 3 – 4 km along a 7 km front at the junction of the defending 1st and 223rd Infantry Divisions. The army commander, Lt. Gen. F.N. Starikov, then committed a small mobile group, the 191st Guards Rifle Regiment and a battalion of the 122nd Tank Brigade, with orders to cut the rail line between Mga and Kirishi, and then wheel northwest towards Mga Station. Despite heavy rain which prevented any air support, the group reached the rail line east of Turyshkino Station before being halted by hastily assembled German reinforcements. A further effort was made by the full division, backed by 14th Rifle Division and 1st Separate Rifle Brigade from reserve, on April 1 against the German defenses around Karbusel, just east of the Mga-Kirishi line. This attack was repelled by the 121st Infantry Division, with heavy losses to the attackers. This marked the end of Polarnaya Zvezda, and the Soviets went over to the defense the following day.
Dunshaughlin, Oldcastle, St. Patrick's and Summerhill were regraded from the 1954 S.F.C.


2,4,5-Trichlorophenol (TCP) is an organochloride with the molecular formula C H Cl O. It has been used as a fungicide and herbicide. Precursor chemical used in the production of 2,4,5-Trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T) and hexachlorophene involves the intermediate production of 2,4,5-trichlorophenol (TCP) and the formation of 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzodioxin (TCDD, commonly referred to simply as dioxin) as an unwanted by-product. In the course of purifying the hexachlorophene, still bottom wastes were created with concentrated levels of TCP and dioxin.
Acyl azides have also been synthesized from various carboxylic acids and sodium azide in presence of triphenylphosphine and trichloroacetonitrile catalysts in excellent yields at mild conditions. Another route starts with aliphatic and aromatic aldehydes reacting with iodine azide which is formed from sodium azide and iodine monochloride in acetonitrile.
It is also possible to synthesize a target DNA strand for a DNA construct. Short strands of DNA known as oligonucleotides can be developed using column-based synthesis, in which bases are added one at a time to a strand of DNA attached to a solid phase. Each base has a protecting group to prevent linkage that is not removed until the next base is ready to be added, ensuring that they are linked in the correct sequence. Oligonucleotides can also be synthesized on a microarray, which allows for tens of thousands of sequences to be synthesized at once, in order to reduce cost. To synthesize a larger gene, oligonucleotides are developed with overlapping sequences on the ends and then joined together. The most common method is called polymerase cycling assembly (PCA): fragments hybridize at the overlapping regions and are extended, and larger fragments are created in each cycle.
Sliding clamps are loaded onto their associated DNA template strands by specialized proteins known as " sliding clamp loaders ", which also disassemble the clamps after replication has completed. The binding sites for these initiator proteins overlap with the binding sites for the DNA polymerase, so the clamp cannot simultaneously associate with a clamp loader and with a polymerase. Thus the clamp will not be actively disassembled while the polymerase remains bound. DNA clamps also associate with other factors involved in DNA and genome homeostasis, such as nucleosome assembly factors, Okazaki fragment ligases, and DNA repair proteins. All of these proteins also share a binding site on the DNA clamp that overlaps with the clamp loader site, ensuring that the clamp will not be removed while any enzyme is still working on the DNA. The activity of the clamp loader requires ATP hydrolysis to "close" the clamp around the DNA.
Due to its large size and limited availability, the organic chemistry of dicoronylene is little known. Dicoronylene does undergo a Diels–Alder reaction with maleic anhydride on one or both of the central bay regions on either side of the bridging ring. The double bond of maleic anhydride forms two carbon–carbon bonds on the ends of the bay region, making a new six-membered ring. Heating removes the anhydride as carbon dioxide gas and gives the corresponding 16-ring and 17-ring PAHs.
This dione condenses with malononitrile to give an intermediate that can be dehydrogenated to tetracyanoquinodimethane (TCNQ).
Acyl-protein thioesterases feature 3 major structural components that determine protein function and substrate processing: 1. A conserved, classical catalytic triad to break ester and thioester bonds; 2. A long hydrophobic substrate tunnel to accommodate the palmitoyl moiety, as identified in the crystal structures of human acyl-protein thioesterase 1, human acyl-protein thioesterase 2 and Zea mays acyl-protein thioesterase 2; 3. A lid- loop that covers the catalytic site, is highly flexible and is a main factor determining the enzyme's product release rate.
This reaction mechanism has been extensively studied in reactions of metal amide nucleophiles (such as sodium amide) and substituted pyrimidines (for instance 4-phenyl-6-bromopyrimidine 1) in ammonia at low temperatures. The main reaction product is 4-phenyl-6-aminopyrimidine 2 with the bromine substituent replaced by an amine. This rules out the formation of an aryne intermediate A which would also give the 5-substituted isomer.
2,3-sigmatropic rearrangements can offer high stereoselectivity. At the newly formed double bond there is a strong preference for formation of the E- alkene or trans isomer product. The stereochemistry of the newly formed C-C bond is harder to predict. It can be inferred from the five-membered ring transition state. Generally, the E-alkene will favor the formation of anti product, while Z-alkene will favor formation of syn product.
1,4-Cyclohexanedione is prepared in two steps from diesters of succinic acid. Specifically under basic conditions, the diethyl succinate condenses to give the cyclohexenediol derivative diethylsuccinoylsuccinate. This intermediate can be hydrolysed and decarboxylated to afford the desired dione.


APE tags comprise one extant convention used to store information (metadata) about a given digital audio file. Each APE tag constitutes a discrete element that describes a single attribute of the file's contents.Each consists of a key/value pair; the key is simply a label that names the attribute, such as Year, Title, Artist, or Track Number, etc.), and associated with it is a corresponding value, namely, some information descriptive of this file, in terms of the attribute in question (e.g., 1973 for Year). APE tags can be used with.ape -formatted recordings, as well as with sound files of other audio file formats.
The AM/FM/GIS system data model allow GIS architects to define a relationship model which consists of all the database tables and their dependencies. This is often combined with business rules to make the system more intelligent so that it can be utilized in running various analysis on the data. E.g. a gas pipeline GIS system can let the users perform detailed analysis of all the pressure points or valves located on the pipe at different intervals. This can be possible by defining a relationship between a pipeline entity or object and the pressure valve object. Designing a data model for any utility company could be an extensive task which involves requirements gathering and analysis, designing specifications and implementation. Implementation mostly deals with development of functional tools to assist users in managing and analyzing the system. These functional tools might include object placement tools, analysis tools, reporting tools etc. The functional tool development is generally done using a supporting programming language. An advanced AM/FM/GIS software is always equipped with pre-defined functions and procedures to carry out common GIS operations.
By assuming a computationally bounded adversary, it is possibly to design a locally decodable code which is both efficient and near-optimal, with a negligible error probability. These codes are used in complexity theory for things like self-correcting computations, probabilistically checkable proof systems, and worst-case to average-case hardness reductions in the constructions of pseudo-random generators. They are useful in cryptography as a result of their connection with private information retrieval protocols. They are also in a number of database applications like fault-tolerant data storage.
The basic idea is that each message has a header containing the address or index of a userspace handler to be executed upon message arrival, with the contents of the message passed as an argument to the handler. Early active message systems passed the actual remote code address across the network, however this approach required the initiator to know the address of the remote handler function when composing a message, which can be quite limiting even within the context of a SPMD programming model (and generally relies upon address space uniformity which is absent in many modern systems). Newer active message interfaces require the client to register a table with the software at initialization time that maps an integer index to the local address of a handler function; in these systems the sender of an active message provides an index into the remote handler table, and upon arrival of the active message the table is used to map this index to the handler address that is invoked to handle the message.
25I-NB3OMe (2C-I-NB3OMe, NB3OMe-2C-I) is a phenethylamine hallucinogen which acts as a partial agonist for the human 5-HT receptor. It is a derivative of 2C-I.
DAML+OIL was a syntax, layered on RDF and XML, that could be used to describe sets of facts making up an ontology.
While reported and observed symptoms are a main way to diagnose either disorder, recent studies use the advanced technology like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans to try to understand the biology of mood and psychotic disorders. Through MRIs, psychiatrists can see specific structural differences in the brains of people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. These differences include volume of gray matter, neuropathological size differences variations and cortical thickness, which are associated with cognitive differences on tests. These differences may sometimes be seen throughout the lifespan of the diseases and often occur soon after the initial episode.
A primary outcome of the DAML program was the DAML language, an agent markup language based on RDF. This language was followed by an extension entitled DAML+OIL which included researchers outside of the DARPA program in the design. The 2002 submission of the DAML+OIL language to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) captures the work done by DAML contractors and the EU / U.S. ad hoc Joint Committee on Agent Markup Languages. This submission was the starting point for the language (later called OWL) to be developed by W3C's web ontology working group, WebOnt.
Due to that correlated motion, the location of the projected images of points within the object moves also. Only points from a particular slice, the so-called focal plane, will be always projected at the same location onto the detector and therefore imaged sharply. Object structures above and below the focal plane will move as the rotation occurs. Because of that, they are not imaged sharply and they will blur to a grey background image. This requires precise height data, created by laser mapping the surface of the board. The focal plane is approximately.003 inches (.076 mm) deep.
APEX stands for Additive System of Photographic Exposure, whichwas proposed in the 1960 ASA standardfor monochrome film speed, ASA PH2.5-1960,as a means of simplifying exposure computation.


Though the largest adelophthalmid, Adelophthalmus was, in comparison to larger apex predatory members of the group (such as Jaekelopterus), a genus of relatively small eurypterids. The largest species of Adelophthalmus known, A. khakassicus, reached a maximum length of approximately 32 cm (12.6 in). Many species were smaller, the smallest being the Permian A. douvillei at just 4 cm (1.6 in) in length. The genus as a whole does not appear to have fluctuated much in size over the course of its long evolutionary history, with "large" species occurring in the Devonian (A. sievertsi at 18 cm, 7 in, and A. waterstoni at 15 cm, 6 in), the Carboniferous (the aforementioned A. mazonensis, A. wilsoni at 20 cm, 7.9 in, and both A. granosus and A. zadrai at 15 cm, 6 in) and during the Permian (A. luceroensis at 18 cm, 7 in). Most of the smaller species are known from the Carboniferous, when Adelophthalmus was the most abundant, including the "medium-sized" A. irinae (13 cm, 5.1 in) and A. moyseyi (12 cm, 4.7 in) and the smaller A. mansfieldi, A. pennsylvanicus (both at 8 cm, 3.1 in), A. approximatus (7 cm, 2.8 in) and A. dumonti (6 cm, 2.4 in).
Allan Wilson was born in Ngāruawāhia, New Zealand, and raised on his family's rural dairy farm at Helvetia, Pukekohe, about twenty miles south of Auckland. At his local Sunday School, the vicar's wife was impressed by young Allan's interest in evolution and encouraged Allan's mother to enroll him at the elite King's College secondary school in Auckland. There he excelled in mathematics, chemistry, and sports. Wilson already had an interest in evolution and biochemistry, but intended to be the first in his family to attend university by pursuing studies in agriculture and animal science. Wilson met Professor Campbell Percy McMeekan, a New Zealand pioneer in animal science, who suggested that Wilson attend the University of Otago in southern New Zealand to further his study in biochemistry rather than veterinary science. Wilson gained a BSc from the University of Otago in 1955, majoring in both zoology and biochemistry. The bird physiologist Donald S. Farner met Wilson as an undergraduate at Otago and invited him to Washington State University at Pullman as his graduate student. Wilson obliged and completed a master's degree in zoology at WSU under Farner in 1957, where he worked on the effects of photoperiod on the physiology of birds.
In 1969 during one of his radio editions of "In Touch", he commented on a group of blind people who had climbed Mt Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Africa, and went on to say that Britain's highest mountain was Ben Nevis - if anyone was interested. It seemed they were, as he had a flood of letters from interested listeners who wished to make that climb. With the help of local people in the town of Fort William, a weekend was arranged at the Milton Hotel - appropriately Milton was a blind poet - and a group of 15 visually impaired men and women with local sighted companions and Blackhall at the helm, made the climb, arriving at the summit to the sound of the bagpipes, played by one of the group. It was a proud moment for him and the start of the Milton Mountaineers, who went on to meet annually to climb more of Britain's and Ireland's highest peaks. One of Blackhall's poems, "Prayer", is still recited by the leader of the Mountaineers at each summit. Other works of Blackhall's were Dark Is A Long Way, a radio play about his Blind experiences that was broadcast in Britain in September 1958. Blackhall hosted In Touch until a week before his death, on September 14, 1981, aged 71. He had three daughters: Anne (b. 1936), (Leader of the Milton Mountaineers from 1992 to 2005); Jane (b. 1940) and Susan (b. 1949) and was married to Edna (née Westwood).
The domestic law of a country does not generally recognize an international law unless it is specifically introduced by the domestic law of that country. This may occur by express statutory provision or by a domestic court having regard to an international norm as reflecting social progress. Even without being specifically introduced into domestic law, international norms may have political effects especially in countries that actively espouse human rights. Aboriginal child protection issues tend to be prominent in countries colonized by a new majority population within the last few centuries.Assimilative policies arose, regardless of whether colonization proceeded mainly by force as in the United States of America and Australia or by treaty as in Canada and New Zealand.By the end of the twentieth century, assimilative policies were generally replaced in legislation, policy or practice by the Aboriginal Child Placement Principle which "outlines a preference for the placement of Aboriginal children with Aboriginal people when they are placed outside their families.The order of preference is generally that an Aboriginal child be placed: within the child’s extended family; or, if this is not possible, within the child’s Aboriginal community; and, failing that, with other Aboriginal people." Versions of this principle refashioned aboriginal child protection in Western post-colonial democracies along lines shaped by constitutional responsibilities: state in Australia, federal in the United States, federal/provincial in Canada and national in New Zealand, with constitutionalized Treaties playing a pivotal role in New Zealand and an emerging role in Canada.
The 2008–09 Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball team represented the University of Nebraska in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cornhuskers were coached by Connie Yori. The Cornhuskers are a member of the Big 12 Conference and did not qualify for the NCAA tournament. Those hopes were tempered with the loss of two-time first-team All-Big 12 forward Kelsey Griffin to a season-ending ankle injury in late-August. Despite playing without Griffin, the Huskers fought their way to a 9-3 record early in the season that included a dramatic come-from-behind win over No. 24 Arizona State on Dec. 28. Nebraska, which had received votes in the USA Today/ESPN Coaches Top 25 for five weeks, knocked off a Sun Devil squad that went on to advance to the 2009 NCAA Elite Eight. However, just days after defeating ASU, the Huskers took another hit inside with the loss of junior center Nikki Bober to a season-ending knee injury. Without two of their most experienced post players for a final non-conference game at five-time NCAA Final Four participant LSU, the Huskers closed non-conference play at 9-4 with all four setbacks coming to 2008 NCAA Tournament teams, including three on the road.
The division marched to České Budějovice between 30 May and 3 July, where it was brought up to strength with the personnel of the disbanded 253rd Rifle Division of the 3rd Guards Army and served on the demarcation line between the Allied and Soviet forces. During this period the division conducted combat training and was rated excellent at inspections for the summer training period. Relocated to Amstetten on 11 November 1945, the division served the demarcation line with American troops, responsible for a 180 kilometers (110 mi) sector. The division again received a rating of excellent in inspections carried out in May 1946 for the winter training period. The 58th Guards handed over their sector of the demarcation line to the 95th Guards Rifle Division on 17 May and transferred enlisted men not scheduled for demobilization to the 95th and 4th Guards Rifle Divisions. Most officers were sent to Tata to be transferred to the reserve, while some went to other units for further service. The remainder of the division moved to Pöchlarn on 22 May, where the transfer of all personnel and equipment was completed in June, finishing the disbandment process. The rest of the 33rd Guards Rifle Corps was also disbanded at the same time, still with the Central Group of Forces.
In the Women's Cricket Super League, Davidson-Richards played in all four seasons for the Yorkshire Diamonds. She was more successful with the ball throughout the competition, and was her team's second highest wicket-taker in 2017 and 2018, and their joint highest in 2019. In 2020, Davidson-Richards played three matches for the South East Stars in the Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, and scored 61 in a match against Sunrisers. She made her List A high score playing for the side in 2021, scoring 92 against Western Storm. She also played six matches in the side's victorious Charlotte Edwards Cup campaign. She played for Northern Superchargers in 2021 season of The Hundred, taking seven wickets and scoring 110 runs in seven matches. She was South East Stars' joint-leading wicket-taker in the 2022 Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, as well as scoring two half-centuries. She was also Northern Superchargers' leading wicket-taker in The Hundred, with 7 wickets. She was South East Stars' second-highest run-scorer and joint-second leading wicket-taker in the 2023 Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, and Northern Superchargers' joint-second leading wicket-taker in the 2023 season of The Hundred.
In homeopathy, arsenicum album (Arsenic. alb.) is a solution prepared by diluting aqueous arsenic trioxide generally until there is little amounts of Arsenic remaining in individual doses. It is used by homeopaths to treat a range of symptoms that include digestive disorders and, as an application of the Law of Similars, has been suggested by homeopathy as a treatment for arsenic poisoning. Since the arsenic oxide in a homeopathic preparation is normally non-existent, it is considered generally safe, although cases of arsenic poisoning from poorly prepared homeopathic treatments sold in India have been reported. When properly prepared, however, the extreme dilutions, typically to at least 1 in 10, or 12C in homeopathic notation, mean that a pill would not contain even a molecule of the original arsenic used. While Anisur Khuda-Bukhsh 's unblinded studies have claimed an effect on reducing arsenic toxicity, they do not recommend its large-scale use, and studies of homeopathic remedies have been shown to generally have problems that prevent them from being considered unambiguous evidence. There is no known mechanism for how arsenicum album could remove arsenic from a body, and there is insufficient evidence for it to be considered effective medicine (for any condition) by the scientific community.
Arriving at Fort Leavenworth, Mr. Peters found that no provision had been made for quarters for himself and his wife, so they boarded at the hotel in the town for a time, and he rode back and forth to his work daily. Later, they made arrangements to stay in a house of five rooms, which was occupied by the second clerk. There were 16 people already living in the crowded quarters, but they remained for five weeks, at the end of which time, two rooms were partitioned off from the warehouse where the bacon was stored for the army. Mrs. Peters noticed that there was a large waste of grease from the bacon, and she conceived the idea of saving it. She did this and enough was obtained from its sale to pay the expenses of the office. When the government noticed the decrease in the expenses at that station and learned that it was due to Mrs. Peters' idea, the government, recognizing her ability, employed her to copy all the contracts from the station at a salary of US$50 per month. Not only did she become an influential factor in the business department of government service there, but she did a work of incalculable benefit in the religious training of the neglected children of the fort. There was one Episcopal church, but no place for the children. Feeling that they should have religious instruction, Mrs. Peters organized a Sunday school which 150 students attended.
Abhūtaparikalpa or Ālayavijñāna means - imagining the object to exist as independent of consciousness. It is the basic concept in the Yogacara / Vijnanavada school which concept is identified as paratantrasvabhava (dependent nature), the second of the three natures postulated by this school. On the negative side of shunya Abhūtaparikalpa becomes associated with the imaginarily constructed duality of subject and object, but on the positive side it represents real existence in virtue of own nature. The grammatical construction of the term Abhūtaparikalpa is interpreted by Sthiramati by taking it either as locus for the constructing of duality or as instrumental for the construction of unreal duality. For the Vijnanavadins both Abhūtaparikalpa which is paratantrasvabhava and a vastu existing substantialiter, and shunyata which is parinishpannasvabhavaca and not a vastu existing substantialiter, are real. Abhutaparikalpa is described as neither empty nor not empty by adopting a neither nor position, that it is both existent and not existent. As paratantrasvabhava it exists as such but does not exist as it appears when affected by the subject-object duality of parikalpitasvabhava freed from which it is the perfect nature of parinishpannasvabhava.


Updated for entire regular season. Tiebrkrs: KEN&FLA>LSU KEN>FLA hd–hd. MISS>UGA hd–hd.
The Civic Democratic Party (ODS) was the most successful party in the first round, with 11 candidates proceeding to the second round. ANO 2011 had 10 candidates proceeding.
Academy for Global Exploration (AGE) is a college preparatory school traveling high school for grades 9 through 12 based in Ashland, Oregon, United States. AGE spends half of each semester overseas in such countries as Greece, Japan, South Africa, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Peru and others.
The Controlled and Harmonised Aeronautical Information Network (abbreviated: CHAIN) is a concept developed by EUROCONTROL to improve the quality, integrity, accuracy and interoperability of aeronautical data in kind of a digital data chain avoiding changes in medium in the whole data process.
Since its debut at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, ANPO: Art X War has screened at the 2010 Vancouver International Film Festival, the 2010 Doc NYC film festival, the Minneapolis/Saint Paul Asian American Film Festival and MoMA's Documentary Fortnight 2011.
ANDOS is a Russian operating system for Electronika BK series computers: BK-0010, BK-0011, and BK-0011M. They were based on the PDP-11 architecture by Digital Equipment Corporation. ANDOS was created in 1990 and released first in 1992. Initially it was developed by Alexey Nadezhin (by whose name the system is named) and later also by Sergey Kamnev, who joined the project. It was the only widespread system on BK series computers that used MS-DOS -compatible file system format. ANDOS used the FAT12 file system on 800 Kb floppy disks. For Electronika BK-0011M and BK-0011, ANDOS could emulate a BK-0010 by loading a BK-0010 read-only memory (ROM) image into BK-0011(M) random-access memory (RAM). In minimal configuration, the system could occupy less than 4 Kb of RAM.
The Code of Ethics was developed and written by Captain Gene Muehleisen of San Diego PD as chairman of the Professional Committee of the Peace Officers Research Association of California (PORAC).
The ANU Computer Science Students Association (ANU CSSA) caters to the needs of IT, Computer Science and Software Engineering (CSIT) students. The organisation had existed since at least 1995, and was relaunched in 2011 and was allocated with a common room located in the Computer Science & Information Technology Building at ANU.
It was built for Compañía Mercantil y Ganadera S.A. (COMEGA), in a privileged area which previously had occupied the residence of Francisco Madero, then transformed into Grand National Hotel.
The Dutch Amateur Radio Emergency Service (DARES), which was founded on 12 May 2004, is a non-profit organization made out of licensed radio amateurs in the Netherlands. DARES participants are able to set up a national, continental or international radio network in case of an emergency situation, like a power outage on a large scale, a flooding, a cyber attack causing severe damage to communication networks, or other emergency situations, where the safety of a large group of people are in danger.


tʃʰó-w.
The ovate-lanceolate spikelets are 1.7–3 cm (0.67–1.18 in), including the awns 3–8 mm (0.12–0.31 in) long. The rachillae can be visible when the spikelet is mature and the spikelet has six to eleven florets. The subequal glumes are minutely to densely pubescent and the keels are serrated. The lower glumes are 5.2–7 mm (0.20–0.28 in) long with three to five nerved, and the upper glumes are 6–8.5 mm (0.24–0.33 in) long and seven- to nine-nerved. The lemmas are 7.5–9 mm (0.3–0.4 in) long and 1.9–2.5 mm (0.07–0.10 in) wide, with seven to nine visible, conspicuous nerves. The lemmas have hyaline margins 0.3–0.6 mm (0.012–0.024 in) broad. The apex is bifid and the cleft is 0.3–0.7 mm (0.012–0.028 in) deep. The awns are 4–7.6 mm (0.16–0.30 in) long, arising 0.4–1.2 mm (0.016–0.047 in) below the lemma. The paleas are shorter than the lemmas, with glabrous backs and ciliate keels. The dark brown anthers are 0.3–1.3 mm (0.012–0.051 in) long.
where x ˙ = ∂ x / ∂ t {\displaystyle {\dot {x}}=\partial x/\partial t}; η f {\displaystyle \eta _{f}} = flow viscosity, which dominates multi-decade creep; θ {\displaystyle \theta } = load duration; λ 0 {\displaystyle \lambda _{0}} = 1 day, m = 0.5 {\displaystyle m=0.5}, n = 0.1 {\displaystyle n=0.1}; v (t) M P a − 1 {\displaystyle v(t){\rm {MPa^{-1}}}} = volume of gel per unit volume of concrete, growing due to hydration; and q 2, q 3, q 4 {\displaystyle q_{2},q_{3},q_{4}} = empirical constants (of dimension M P a − 1 {\displaystyle {\rm {MPa^{-1}}}}). Function C g (θ) {\displaystyle C_{g}(\theta)} gives age-independent delayed elasticity of the cement gel (hardened cement paste without its capillary pores) and, by integration, C g (θ) = ln {\displaystyle C_{g}(\theta)={\mbox{ln}}}. Integration of J ˙ (t, t ′) {\displaystyle {\dot {J}}(t,t')} gives J (t, t ′) {\displaystyle J(t,t')} as a non-integrable binomial integral, and so, if the values of J (t, t ′) {\displaystyle J(t,t')} are sought, they must be obtained by numerical integration or by an approximation formula (a good formula exists). However, for computer structural analysis in time steps, J (t, t ′) {\displaystyle J(t,t')} is not needed; only the rate J ˙ (t, t ′) {\displaystyle {\dot {J}}(t,t')} is needed as the input.
In the 19th century, the Corsican government launched several efforts to improve the nation's economy by promoting Corsica's wine industry. These efforts included the widespread planting of the indigenous Sciacarello grape and the construction of a large cellar near the city of Vizzavona, which was located on the highest point on the railroad line that linked the east coast city of Bastia with the capital city of Ajaccio. The phylloxera epidemic of the late 19th century dealt a crippling blow to the Corsican wine industry, and was followed by a period of mass depopulation as Corsicans emigrated to other countries. The Algerian war of Independence ushered in a new period of growth as French pieds-noirs immigrated to Corsica and began new plantings. During this time, the number of vineyards increased fourfold. The overall quality of Corsican wine was poor due to the emphasis on quantity over quality, with Corsica becoming a prominent contributor to Europe's wine lake problem. In the 1980s, the European Union began issuing subsidies to encourage the uprooting of vines and to renew focus on limited yields and quality wine production. By 2003, these programs had contributed to a reduction of over 17,300 acres (7,000 ha) in the number of vineyard plantings in Corsica, as well as the introduction of modern winemaking techniques and equipment such as temperature-controlled fermentation tanks.
The harsh, diffuse and intricate shrub typically grows to a height of 0.6 to 2 metres (2.0 to 6.6 ft). The terminal branchlets are sometimes coarsely spiny with 4 mm (0.16 in) long stipules. The phyllodes occur in clusters of up seven. The phyllodes have a linear to linear-oblanceolate shape with a length of 7 to 13 mm (0.28 to 0.51 in) and a width of 0.5 to 1.5 mm (0.020 to 0.059 in). It blooms from August to September and produces yellow flowers. The simple inflorescences occur singly or in groups of up to three per axil. The spherical to obloid flower-heads globular contain 25 to 55 golden flowers. The yellow-brown seed pods that form after flowering have a narrowly oblong shape and have a length of 6.5 cm (2.6 in) and a width of 7 to 8 mm (0.28 to 0.31 in). The dull brown seeds within the pods have an oblong shape and a length of around 5 mm (0.20 in).
The best approach to computer creep analysis of sensitive structures is to convert the creep law to an incremental elastic stress–strain relation with an eigenstrain. Eq. (1) can be used but in that form the variations of humidity and temperature with time cannot be introduced and the need to store the entire stress history for each finite element is cumbersome. It is better to convert Eq. (1) to a set of differential equations based on the Kelvin chain rheologic model. To this end, the creep properties in each sufficiently small time step may be considered as non-aging, in which case a continuous spectrum of retardation moduli of Kelvin chain may be obtained from J (t, t ′) {\displaystyle J(t,t')} by Widder's explicit formula for approximate Laplace transform inversion. The moduli E k (t) {\displaystyle E_{k}(t)} (k = 1, 2,... n E {\displaystyle k=1,2,...n_{E}}) of the Kelvin units then follow by discretizing this spectrum. They are different for each integration point of each finite element in each time step. This way the creep analysis problem gets converted to a series of elastic structural analyses, each of which can be run on a commercial finite element program. For an example see the last reference below.
Crawl is a cross-genre game with roguelike, bullet hell, and brawler elements for up to four offline players and bots. The main player advances through randomly generated dungeons as a human hero while up to three other spirit players control the dungeon's enemies and traps to kill the main player. The spirit player who kills the human hero swaps roles to become the next main player. Players earn experience as they progress through the dungeon in both the human hero and the non-human spirit roles. Hero experience unlocks new attacks and spells, and spirit experience unlocks stronger enemies to possess. Each player's human hero experience level, weapon, and stats progress is preserved between turns. Crawl was designed to be more fast-paced and arcade-like than strategic, and includes genre-standard activities like collecting loot and upgradable weapons and magic items. Once player spirits possess "monster spawners" and traps in the active room, they cannot leave the form until they die or kill the main character. The players and enemies grow progressively more powerful over the course of a match. The game ends when a human hero reaches experience level 10, enters a portal, and defeats a final boss whose limbs are controlled cooperatively by the other players. Typical matches last about 30 minutes.
Allen Simpson had his father's social responsibility in regard to his workers and to society in general. He was elected to the Hindmarsh ward of the Adelaide City Council in 1901, at the same election as his friend (later Sir) John Lavington Bonython. At that time, they were the youngest two members of Council ever. In 1903, he was elected Alderman after the retirement of Joseph Vardon. He was prominent in the founding of the Metropolitan Dairies Board (later Metropolitan County Board) and its first chairman. He traveled without payment to Britain and Europe to learn about the systems of old-age pensions and electric tramways. He was elected Mayor of Adelaide in 1913 and again in 1914, again second only to Bonython as the youngest to hold that office. With the recession brought on by the closing of mines in 1914 and the record drought, he brought forward outstanding works such as extensions to the Central Market and the Town Hall. In 1915 he initiated the South Australian Soldiers' Fund, and with Lady Galway helped found the Belgium Relief Fund. He made it clear to his employees that any volunteers for overseas service with the 1st AIF could have their jobs back when they returned.
On January 1, 1868, construction began on the first line connecting Denver and Golden. On January 14, the company changed its name to Colorado Central Railroad. Construction of the first line was slow. By the end of the year, only the small portion (less than 12 miles) between Denver and Golden had been graded. In the meantime, former Territorial Governor John Evans (co-conspirator of the Sand Creek Massacre) and other business leaders from Denver City, including David Moffat, William Byers (Rocky Mountain News), Joseph E. Bates, Bela Hughes, Walter Cheesman (Denver Water) and Luther Kountze (Colorado National Bank), formed the Denver Pacific Railway on November 19, 1867, with the intention of building a rail line from Denver to Cheyenne. The formation of the Denver Pacific Railway and Telegraph Company set off an intense struggle over the next two years between the two companies to complete their lines connecting to Union Pacific. By the following year, the success of the Denver Pacific investors in persuading the United States Congress to grant them land allowing them to construct a line throughout the South Platte River valley to Cheyenne made it evident that Denver would prevail over Golden. The Denver Pacific line was complete in June 1870 and the first train arrived in Denver from Cheyenne, bypassing Golden. Two months later, the Kansas Pacific completed its line to Denver, linking up with the Denver Pacific, and cementing the central role of Denver in Colorado.
The division marched to České Budějovice between 30 May and 3 July, where it was brought up to strength with the personnel of the disbanded 253rd Rifle Division of the 3rd Guards Army and served on the demarcation line between the Allied and Soviet forces. During this period the division conducted combat training and was rated excellent at inspections for the summer training period. Relocated to Amstetten on 11 November 1945, the division served the demarcation line with American troops, responsible for a 180 kilometers (110 mi) sector. The division again received a rating of excellent in inspections carried out in May 1946 for the winter training period. The 58th Guards handed over their sector of the demarcation line to the 95th Guards Rifle Division on 17 May and transferred enlisted men not scheduled for demobilization to the 95th and 4th Guards Rifle Divisions. Most officers were sent to Tata to be transferred to the reserve, while some went to other units for further service. The remainder of the division moved to Pöchlarn on 22 May, where the transfer of all personnel and equipment was completed in June, finishing the disbandment process. The rest of the 33rd Guards Rifle Corps was also disbanded at the same time, still with the Central Group of Forces.


Genoels soon received a commission for tapestry designs from Gi. de la Noire Tapissier. A series of other commissions soon followed. The court painter (Premier peintre du roi) Charles Le Brun had at the time been put in charge of the Gobelins Manufactory, the royal tapestry works newly created in 1663. Le Brun had hired the Flemish battle painter Adam Frans van der Meulen to design tapestries depicting the French king's military campaigns. Adam Frans van der Meulen attracted a number of Flemish artists, including Genoels and Adriaen Frans Boudewijns, to assist him in the design of these tapestries. In 1669–70 Genoels was sent to the southern Netherlands with Boudewijns and Jan van Huchtenburg to draw three views of the chateau of Mariemont to serve as tapestry designs for the Gobelins. The accounts of the Gobelins show that the three artists also received payments for their work on designs for a series of tapestries depicting the 'Months of the Year'. Adriaen Frans Boudewijns engraved numerous works by Genoels.
" A Change in Me " is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Tim Rice for the musical Beauty and the Beast, a stage adaptation of Disney's 1991 animated film of the same name. The song was written specifically for American singer Toni Braxton when she joined the production to play the role of Belle in 1998, four years into the musical's run. Menken and Rice wrote "A Change in Me" to appease Braxton after Rice promised the singer, who was hesitant to sign her contract, that he would write an entirely new song for her to perform in the musical on the condition that she finally agree to play Belle.
The Ladies' Home Journal published an article in February 1941 about health and beauty from the perspective of Dr. T. A. Pierson and his son Dr. J. R. Pierson. In the article the two doctors offer advice to women on how to stay slim and encourage women to follow a simple "slimming diet" rather than fad diets. They suggest that it is better for women to be under weight than overweight. They also explain how one of the best exercises for a woman are her household duties, and that besides those she doesn't need more exercise.
The 1968 European Formula Two season was contested over nine rounds. Jean Pierre Beltoise won the championship in Pergusa-Enna. Although Jochen Rindt won 5 races, he was a graded driver and was therefore not allowed to score championship points.
Allegory of Sight is an oil painting by Jan Brueghel the Younger. The painting showcases varied objects associated with sight, the arts, and navigation. The painting was heavily influenced by The Five Senses, a series of allegorical paintings done by the younger Brueghel's father, Jan Brueghel the Elder.
Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Tim Rice had already written six original songs for the stage adaptation of Beauty and the Beast, most of which focus on character development, including a solo for Belle entitled "Home". In July 1998, American R&B singer Toni Braxton entered final negotiations to make her Broadway debut as Belle in Beauty and the Beast, replacing actress Kim Huber in the role. Despite having initial reservations due to the singer's reputation as a sex symbol, director Robert Jess Roth eventually concluded that Braxton would offer an "interesting" interpretation of Belle after first meeting with her to discuss the role and observing similarities between Braxton's own personality and the character's. Once Roth forwarded his approval of the singer's casting to Disney, the studio began collaborating with Braxton's management on developing a contract stipulating that the singer would appear in the show for a three-month period. However, various circumstances resulted in Braxton continuously delaying to sign the contract until she met for dinner with Menken, Rice and choreographer Matt West; Roth was out of town at the time and unable to attend due to scheduling conflicts.
Abdel Kader Belghiti (born 1937) is a Moroccan boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. At the 1960 Summer Olympics, he lost to Rocky Gattellari of Australia.
After the invasion began, Drava steamed upstream to Mohács in Hungary to shell the airfield there on 6 and 8 April, but was subjected to daily attacks by the Luftwaffe. On 10 April, Drava and Morava were ordered to sail downstream to conform with the withdrawals of the 1st and 2nd Army's from Bačka and Baranja. Around 2:00 p.m. the following day, a Yugoslav lookout near Batina signaled Drava that four Hungarian patrol boats, armed with 70 mm (2.8 in) guns, were coming down the Danube from the direction of Mohács. Drava engaged the patrol boats at a range of 6–7 km (3.7–4.3 mi), and drove the small Hungarian flotilla north again. At 4:00 p.m., Berić once again ordered the shelling of the airfield at Mohács. Morale on the ship was good, but when Berić met with Royal Yugoslav Army elements later that day, he became aware of the situation elsewhere, and nine crew members deserted.
Abdel Jabbar Bel Gnaoui (1 March 1942 – November 2016) was a Moroccan basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Genoels was born on 25 May 1640 in Antwerp as the son of the starch maker Peter Genoels and Cornelia Melis. He studied from age 11 to 15 drawing under Jacques Backereel and later perspective under Nicolaes Fierlants in Antwerp. He decided to leave Antwerp as soon as he had finished his studies.
