Updated for entire regular season. Tiebrkrs: KEN&FLA>LSU KEN>FLA hd–hd. MISS>UGA hd–hd.
The Civic Democratic Party (ODS) was the most successful party in the first round, with 11 candidates proceeding to the second round. ANO 2011 had 10 candidates proceeding.
Academy for Global Exploration (AGE) is a college preparatory school traveling high school for grades 9 through 12 based in Ashland, Oregon, United States. AGE spends half of each semester overseas in such countries as Greece, Japan, South Africa, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Peru and others.
The Controlled and Harmonised Aeronautical Information Network (abbreviated: CHAIN) is a concept developed by EUROCONTROL to improve the quality, integrity, accuracy and interoperability of aeronautical data in kind of a digital data chain avoiding changes in medium in the whole data process.
Since its debut at the 2010 Toronto International Film Festival, ANPO: Art X War has screened at the 2010 Vancouver International Film Festival, the 2010 Doc NYC film festival, the Minneapolis/Saint Paul Asian American Film Festival and MoMA's Documentary Fortnight 2011.
ANDOS is a Russian operating system for Electronika BK series computers: BK-0010, BK-0011, and BK-0011M. They were based on the PDP-11 architecture by Digital Equipment Corporation. ANDOS was created in 1990 and released first in 1992. Initially it was developed by Alexey Nadezhin (by whose name the system is named) and later also by Sergey Kamnev, who joined the project. It was the only widespread system on BK series computers that used MS-DOS -compatible file system format. ANDOS used the FAT12 file system on 800 Kb floppy disks. For Electronika BK-0011M and BK-0011, ANDOS could emulate a BK-0010 by loading a BK-0010 read-only memory (ROM) image into BK-0011(M) random-access memory (RAM). In minimal configuration, the system could occupy less than 4 Kb of RAM.
The Code of Ethics was developed and written by Captain Gene Muehleisen of San Diego PD as chairman of the Professional Committee of the Peace Officers Research Association of California (PORAC).
The ANU Computer Science Students Association (ANU CSSA) caters to the needs of IT, Computer Science and Software Engineering (CSIT) students. The organisation had existed since at least 1995, and was relaunched in 2011 and was allocated with a common room located in the Computer Science & Information Technology Building at ANU.
It was built for Compañía Mercantil y Ganadera S.A. (COMEGA), in a privileged area which previously had occupied the residence of Francisco Madero, then transformed into Grand National Hotel.
The Dutch Amateur Radio Emergency Service (DARES), which was founded on 12 May 2004, is a non-profit organization made out of licensed radio amateurs in the Netherlands. DARES participants are able to set up a national, continental or international radio network in case of an emergency situation, like a power outage on a large scale, a flooding, a cyber attack causing severe damage to communication networks, or other emergency situations, where the safety of a large group of people are in danger.
