APE tags comprise one extant convention used to store information (metadata) about a given digital audio file. Each APE tag constitutes a discrete element that describes a single attribute of the file's contents.Each consists of a key/value pair; the key is simply a label that names the attribute, such as Year, Title, Artist, or Track Number, etc.), and associated with it is a corresponding value, namely, some information descriptive of this file, in terms of the attribute in question (e.g., 1973 for Year). APE tags can be used with.ape -formatted recordings, as well as with sound files of other audio file formats.
The AM/FM/GIS system data model allow GIS architects to define a relationship model which consists of all the database tables and their dependencies. This is often combined with business rules to make the system more intelligent so that it can be utilized in running various analysis on the data. E.g. a gas pipeline GIS system can let the users perform detailed analysis of all the pressure points or valves located on the pipe at different intervals. This can be possible by defining a relationship between a pipeline entity or object and the pressure valve object. Designing a data model for any utility company could be an extensive task which involves requirements gathering and analysis, designing specifications and implementation. Implementation mostly deals with development of functional tools to assist users in managing and analyzing the system. These functional tools might include object placement tools, analysis tools, reporting tools etc. The functional tool development is generally done using a supporting programming language. An advanced AM/FM/GIS software is always equipped with pre-defined functions and procedures to carry out common GIS operations.
By assuming a computationally bounded adversary, it is possibly to design a locally decodable code which is both efficient and near-optimal, with a negligible error probability. These codes are used in complexity theory for things like self-correcting computations, probabilistically checkable proof systems, and worst-case to average-case hardness reductions in the constructions of pseudo-random generators. They are useful in cryptography as a result of their connection with private information retrieval protocols. They are also in a number of database applications like fault-tolerant data storage.
The basic idea is that each message has a header containing the address or index of a userspace handler to be executed upon message arrival, with the contents of the message passed as an argument to the handler. Early active message systems passed the actual remote code address across the network, however this approach required the initiator to know the address of the remote handler function when composing a message, which can be quite limiting even within the context of a SPMD programming model (and generally relies upon address space uniformity which is absent in many modern systems). Newer active message interfaces require the client to register a table with the software at initialization time that maps an integer index to the local address of a handler function; in these systems the sender of an active message provides an index into the remote handler table, and upon arrival of the active message the table is used to map this index to the handler address that is invoked to handle the message.
25I-NB3OMe (2C-I-NB3OMe, NB3OMe-2C-I) is a phenethylamine hallucinogen which acts as a partial agonist for the human 5-HT receptor. It is a derivative of 2C-I.
DAML+OIL was a syntax, layered on RDF and XML, that could be used to describe sets of facts making up an ontology.
While reported and observed symptoms are a main way to diagnose either disorder, recent studies use the advanced technology like magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans to try to understand the biology of mood and psychotic disorders. Through MRIs, psychiatrists can see specific structural differences in the brains of people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. These differences include volume of gray matter, neuropathological size differences variations and cortical thickness, which are associated with cognitive differences on tests. These differences may sometimes be seen throughout the lifespan of the diseases and often occur soon after the initial episode.
A primary outcome of the DAML program was the DAML language, an agent markup language based on RDF. This language was followed by an extension entitled DAML+OIL which included researchers outside of the DARPA program in the design. The 2002 submission of the DAML+OIL language to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) captures the work done by DAML contractors and the EU / U.S. ad hoc Joint Committee on Agent Markup Languages. This submission was the starting point for the language (later called OWL) to be developed by W3C's web ontology working group, WebOnt.
Due to that correlated motion, the location of the projected images of points within the object moves also. Only points from a particular slice, the so-called focal plane, will be always projected at the same location onto the detector and therefore imaged sharply. Object structures above and below the focal plane will move as the rotation occurs. Because of that, they are not imaged sharply and they will blur to a grey background image. This requires precise height data, created by laser mapping the surface of the board. The focal plane is approximately.003 inches (.076 mm) deep.
APEX stands for Additive System of Photographic Exposure, whichwas proposed in the 1960 ASA standardfor monochrome film speed, ASA PH2.5-1960,as a means of simplifying exposure computation.
