Though the largest adelophthalmid, Adelophthalmus was, in comparison to larger apex predatory members of the group (such as Jaekelopterus), a genus of relatively small eurypterids. The largest species of Adelophthalmus known, A. khakassicus, reached a maximum length of approximately 32 cm (12.6 in). Many species were smaller, the smallest being the Permian A. douvillei at just 4 cm (1.6 in) in length. The genus as a whole does not appear to have fluctuated much in size over the course of its long evolutionary history, with "large" species occurring in the Devonian (A. sievertsi at 18 cm, 7 in, and A. waterstoni at 15 cm, 6 in), the Carboniferous (the aforementioned A. mazonensis, A. wilsoni at 20 cm, 7.9 in, and both A. granosus and A. zadrai at 15 cm, 6 in) and during the Permian (A. luceroensis at 18 cm, 7 in). Most of the smaller species are known from the Carboniferous, when Adelophthalmus was the most abundant, including the "medium-sized" A. irinae (13 cm, 5.1 in) and A. moyseyi (12 cm, 4.7 in) and the smaller A. mansfieldi, A. pennsylvanicus (both at 8 cm, 3.1 in), A. approximatus (7 cm, 2.8 in) and A. dumonti (6 cm, 2.4 in).
Allan Wilson was born in Ngāruawāhia, New Zealand, and raised on his family's rural dairy farm at Helvetia, Pukekohe, about twenty miles south of Auckland. At his local Sunday School, the vicar's wife was impressed by young Allan's interest in evolution and encouraged Allan's mother to enroll him at the elite King's College secondary school in Auckland. There he excelled in mathematics, chemistry, and sports. Wilson already had an interest in evolution and biochemistry, but intended to be the first in his family to attend university by pursuing studies in agriculture and animal science. Wilson met Professor Campbell Percy McMeekan, a New Zealand pioneer in animal science, who suggested that Wilson attend the University of Otago in southern New Zealand to further his study in biochemistry rather than veterinary science. Wilson gained a BSc from the University of Otago in 1955, majoring in both zoology and biochemistry. The bird physiologist Donald S. Farner met Wilson as an undergraduate at Otago and invited him to Washington State University at Pullman as his graduate student. Wilson obliged and completed a master's degree in zoology at WSU under Farner in 1957, where he worked on the effects of photoperiod on the physiology of birds.
In 1969 during one of his radio editions of "In Touch", he commented on a group of blind people who had climbed Mt Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Africa, and went on to say that Britain's highest mountain was Ben Nevis - if anyone was interested. It seemed they were, as he had a flood of letters from interested listeners who wished to make that climb. With the help of local people in the town of Fort William, a weekend was arranged at the Milton Hotel - appropriately Milton was a blind poet - and a group of 15 visually impaired men and women with local sighted companions and Blackhall at the helm, made the climb, arriving at the summit to the sound of the bagpipes, played by one of the group. It was a proud moment for him and the start of the Milton Mountaineers, who went on to meet annually to climb more of Britain's and Ireland's highest peaks. One of Blackhall's poems, "Prayer", is still recited by the leader of the Mountaineers at each summit. Other works of Blackhall's were Dark Is A Long Way, a radio play about his Blind experiences that was broadcast in Britain in September 1958. Blackhall hosted In Touch until a week before his death, on September 14, 1981, aged 71. He had three daughters: Anne (b. 1936), (Leader of the Milton Mountaineers from 1992 to 2005); Jane (b. 1940) and Susan (b. 1949) and was married to Edna (née Westwood).
The domestic law of a country does not generally recognize an international law unless it is specifically introduced by the domestic law of that country. This may occur by express statutory provision or by a domestic court having regard to an international norm as reflecting social progress. Even without being specifically introduced into domestic law, international norms may have political effects especially in countries that actively espouse human rights. Aboriginal child protection issues tend to be prominent in countries colonized by a new majority population within the last few centuries.Assimilative policies arose, regardless of whether colonization proceeded mainly by force as in the United States of America and Australia or by treaty as in Canada and New Zealand.By the end of the twentieth century, assimilative policies were generally replaced in legislation, policy or practice by the Aboriginal Child Placement Principle which "outlines a preference for the placement of Aboriginal children with Aboriginal people when they are placed outside their families.The order of preference is generally that an Aboriginal child be placed: within the child’s extended family; or, if this is not possible, within the child’s Aboriginal community; and, failing that, with other Aboriginal people." Versions of this principle refashioned aboriginal child protection in Western post-colonial democracies along lines shaped by constitutional responsibilities: state in Australia, federal in the United States, federal/provincial in Canada and national in New Zealand, with constitutionalized Treaties playing a pivotal role in New Zealand and an emerging role in Canada.
The 2008–09 Nebraska Cornhuskers women's basketball team represented the University of Nebraska in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cornhuskers were coached by Connie Yori. The Cornhuskers are a member of the Big 12 Conference and did not qualify for the NCAA tournament. Those hopes were tempered with the loss of two-time first-team All-Big 12 forward Kelsey Griffin to a season-ending ankle injury in late-August. Despite playing without Griffin, the Huskers fought their way to a 9-3 record early in the season that included a dramatic come-from-behind win over No. 24 Arizona State on Dec. 28. Nebraska, which had received votes in the USA Today/ESPN Coaches Top 25 for five weeks, knocked off a Sun Devil squad that went on to advance to the 2009 NCAA Elite Eight. However, just days after defeating ASU, the Huskers took another hit inside with the loss of junior center Nikki Bober to a season-ending knee injury. Without two of their most experienced post players for a final non-conference game at five-time NCAA Final Four participant LSU, the Huskers closed non-conference play at 9-4 with all four setbacks coming to 2008 NCAA Tournament teams, including three on the road.
The division marched to České Budějovice between 30 May and 3 July, where it was brought up to strength with the personnel of the disbanded 253rd Rifle Division of the 3rd Guards Army and served on the demarcation line between the Allied and Soviet forces. During this period the division conducted combat training and was rated excellent at inspections for the summer training period. Relocated to Amstetten on 11 November 1945, the division served the demarcation line with American troops, responsible for a 180 kilometers (110 mi) sector. The division again received a rating of excellent in inspections carried out in May 1946 for the winter training period. The 58th Guards handed over their sector of the demarcation line to the 95th Guards Rifle Division on 17 May and transferred enlisted men not scheduled for demobilization to the 95th and 4th Guards Rifle Divisions. Most officers were sent to Tata to be transferred to the reserve, while some went to other units for further service. The remainder of the division moved to Pöchlarn on 22 May, where the transfer of all personnel and equipment was completed in June, finishing the disbandment process. The rest of the 33rd Guards Rifle Corps was also disbanded at the same time, still with the Central Group of Forces.
In the Women's Cricket Super League, Davidson-Richards played in all four seasons for the Yorkshire Diamonds. She was more successful with the ball throughout the competition, and was her team's second highest wicket-taker in 2017 and 2018, and their joint highest in 2019. In 2020, Davidson-Richards played three matches for the South East Stars in the Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, and scored 61 in a match against Sunrisers. She made her List A high score playing for the side in 2021, scoring 92 against Western Storm. She also played six matches in the side's victorious Charlotte Edwards Cup campaign. She played for Northern Superchargers in 2021 season of The Hundred, taking seven wickets and scoring 110 runs in seven matches. She was South East Stars' joint-leading wicket-taker in the 2022 Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, as well as scoring two half-centuries. She was also Northern Superchargers' leading wicket-taker in The Hundred, with 7 wickets. She was South East Stars' second-highest run-scorer and joint-second leading wicket-taker in the 2023 Rachael Heyhoe Flint Trophy, and Northern Superchargers' joint-second leading wicket-taker in the 2023 season of The Hundred.
In homeopathy, arsenicum album (Arsenic. alb.) is a solution prepared by diluting aqueous arsenic trioxide generally until there is little amounts of Arsenic remaining in individual doses. It is used by homeopaths to treat a range of symptoms that include digestive disorders and, as an application of the Law of Similars, has been suggested by homeopathy as a treatment for arsenic poisoning. Since the arsenic oxide in a homeopathic preparation is normally non-existent, it is considered generally safe, although cases of arsenic poisoning from poorly prepared homeopathic treatments sold in India have been reported. When properly prepared, however, the extreme dilutions, typically to at least 1 in 10, or 12C in homeopathic notation, mean that a pill would not contain even a molecule of the original arsenic used. While Anisur Khuda-Bukhsh 's unblinded studies have claimed an effect on reducing arsenic toxicity, they do not recommend its large-scale use, and studies of homeopathic remedies have been shown to generally have problems that prevent them from being considered unambiguous evidence. There is no known mechanism for how arsenicum album could remove arsenic from a body, and there is insufficient evidence for it to be considered effective medicine (for any condition) by the scientific community.
Arriving at Fort Leavenworth, Mr. Peters found that no provision had been made for quarters for himself and his wife, so they boarded at the hotel in the town for a time, and he rode back and forth to his work daily. Later, they made arrangements to stay in a house of five rooms, which was occupied by the second clerk. There were 16 people already living in the crowded quarters, but they remained for five weeks, at the end of which time, two rooms were partitioned off from the warehouse where the bacon was stored for the army. Mrs. Peters noticed that there was a large waste of grease from the bacon, and she conceived the idea of saving it. She did this and enough was obtained from its sale to pay the expenses of the office. When the government noticed the decrease in the expenses at that station and learned that it was due to Mrs. Peters' idea, the government, recognizing her ability, employed her to copy all the contracts from the station at a salary of US$50 per month. Not only did she become an influential factor in the business department of government service there, but she did a work of incalculable benefit in the religious training of the neglected children of the fort. There was one Episcopal church, but no place for the children. Feeling that they should have religious instruction, Mrs. Peters organized a Sunday school which 150 students attended.
Abhūtaparikalpa or Ālayavijñāna means - imagining the object to exist as independent of consciousness. It is the basic concept in the Yogacara / Vijnanavada school which concept is identified as paratantrasvabhava (dependent nature), the second of the three natures postulated by this school. On the negative side of shunya Abhūtaparikalpa becomes associated with the imaginarily constructed duality of subject and object, but on the positive side it represents real existence in virtue of own nature. The grammatical construction of the term Abhūtaparikalpa is interpreted by Sthiramati by taking it either as locus for the constructing of duality or as instrumental for the construction of unreal duality. For the Vijnanavadins both Abhūtaparikalpa which is paratantrasvabhava and a vastu existing substantialiter, and shunyata which is parinishpannasvabhavaca and not a vastu existing substantialiter, are real. Abhutaparikalpa is described as neither empty nor not empty by adopting a neither nor position, that it is both existent and not existent. As paratantrasvabhava it exists as such but does not exist as it appears when affected by the subject-object duality of parikalpitasvabhava freed from which it is the perfect nature of parinishpannasvabhava.
