Male, female. Forewing length 3.7 mm. Head: frons ochreous-white, vertex, neck tufts and collar dark brown with reddish gloss, laterally and medially lined white; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment three-quarters of the length of third, dark brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined dark brown laterally; scape dorsally shining dark brown with white anterior line, ventrally shining white, antenna dark brown with a white line from base to three-fifths, often partly interrupted, followed towards apex by eight dark brown segments, two white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown, four to five white and two or three dark brown segments at the apex. Thorax and tegulae dark brown with reddish gloss, thorax with a white median line, tegulae lined white inwardly. Legs: dark greyish brown, femora of midleg and hindleg shining ochreous grey, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one and two, segment three white in basal half, segment five entirely white, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segment one lined white on the outside and with a white apical ring, segments two and four with white apical spots and segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg as midleg, tarsal segments one to four with white apical rings, segment five dorsally white, spurs white dorsally, greyish brown ventrally. Forewing shining dark brown with reddish gloss, four white lines in the basal area, a subcostal from base to one-quarter, slightly bending from costa, a short medial in the centre underneath the end of the subcostal, a subdorsal about as long as the medial, but slightly further from base, a yellow-orange transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum, bordered on the inner and outer edge by broad tubercular golden metallic fasciae, the inner fascia almost perpendicular on dorsum, not reaching costa and with a blackish spot subcostally on the outside, the outer fascia inwardly oblique and strongly narrowed at one-third from the costa, lined dark brown on the inside at costa and dorsum, a white costal streak beyond the outer fascia, a white apical line from the distal half of apical area to apex, cilia dark brown around apex, paler towards dorsum. Hindwing dark greyish brown, cilia dark brown. Underside: forewing shining greyish brown, the white costal streak indistinctly and the white apical line distinctly visible in the apical cilia. Abdomen dorsally dark greyish brown with reddish gloss, ventrally dark grey, in the middle shining ochreous-white, segments banded shining white posteriorly, anal tuft dorsally dark grey, ventrally ochreous-white.
His first work, written in conjunction with Charles-Louis-Joseph-Xavier de la Vallée-Poussin (1827–1904), was the Mémoire sur les caractères minéralogiques et stratigraphiques des roches dues plutoniennes de la Belgique et de l'Ardenne française (1876). In later essays and papers he dealt with the structure and mineral composition of many igneous and sedimentary rocks, and with the phenomena of metamorphism in Belgium and other countries. In acknowledgment of his work, the Bigsby Medal was awarded to him in 1885 by the Geological Society of London. Still more important were his later researches connected with the Challenger Expedition. The various rock specimens and oceanic deposits were submitted to him for examination in association with Sir John Murray, and their detailed observations were embodied in the Report on the Scientific Results of the Voyage of H.M.S. Challenger Deep Sea Deposits (1891). The more striking additions to our knowledge included the detection and description of cosmic dust, which as fine rain slowly accumulates on the ocean floor; the development of zeolitic crystals on the sea-bottom at temperatures of 32 °F (0 °C) and under; and the distribution and mode of occurrence of manganese nodules and of phosphatic and glauconite deposits on the bed of the ocean. Renard died at Brussels on 9 July 1903.
The spreading prostrate shrub typically grows to a height of 0.05 to 0.5 metres (0 to 2 ft) with a sprawling habit. The multistemmed shrub has quite slender branches with a length of up to 1 m (3 ft 3 in) It has glabrous or slightly hairy, green coloured branchlets that have fine yellow-coloured ribbing. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. The sessile and evergreen phyllodes are pointing backwards. The pungent, green and glabrous have a linear shape and are straight to shallowly curved with a length of 15 to 25 mm (0.59 to 0.98 in) and a width of 1 to 2 mm (0.039 to 0.079 in) with a prominent midrib. It blooms from August to September and produces yellow flowers. The inflorescences occur on single headed racemes and have spherical flower-heads containing 16 to 24 light golden coloured flowers. The glarous, firmly chartaceous and dark brown seed pods that form after flowering resemble a string of beads and have a length of up to 6 cm (2.4 in) and a width of 3.5 to 4.5 mm (0.14 to 0.18 in). The blackish seeds have a yellow centre and have an oblong to elliptic shape with a length of about 4 mm (0.16 in) and have a club-shaped aril.
All such courts hear trials in at least three divisions (wydziały): a civil (cywilny), a criminal (karny) and a family and minors (rodzinny i nieletnich) one. In addition to that, the courts based in the cities that at the same time host a sąd okręgowy or other located in a city with powiat rights also include an economic (gospodarczy) division; and in most cases also a labour and social insurance (pracy i ubezpieczeń społecznych) division. If a dispute (e.g. between two companies or between an employer and an employee) occurs within the jurisdiction of a court without the relevant chamber, the case must be tried in the nearest court that includes it (as indicated by the minister of justice - this often happens to be the seat of the sąd okręgowy). Since 1 January 2020, some courts may also create an enforcement division (wydział egzekucyjny), dealing mostly with enforcing court's orders to seize assets in order to cover liabilities. Additionally, one of the two regional courts for Lublin additionally operates a nationwide civil division for cases filed using a simplified procedure of the electronic writ of payment (Polish: elektroniczne postępowanie upominawcze), regardless of the sum in dispute.
Male. Forewing length 3.8 mm. Head: frons shining ochreous-white with greenish and reddish reflections, vertex and neck tufts dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, laterally and medially lined white, collar bronze brown; labial palpus first segment very short, white, second segment four-fifths of the length of third, brown with white longitudinal lines laterally and ventrally, third segment white, lined brown laterally; scape dark brown with white anterior and dorsal lines, white ventrally, antenna shining dark brown with a white line from base to just before one-half and changing into an interrupted line to three-fifths, followed towards apex by an annulated section of eight segments, seven dark brown, four white, two dark brown, two white, ten dark brown, three white and five dark brown segments at apex. Thorax dark bronze brown with reddish gloss and a white median line; tegulae bronze brown, inwardly lined white. Legs: ochreous-grey, femora of midleg and hindleg shining pale ochreous, foreleg with a white line on tibia and tarsal segments one to three and five, tibia of midleg with white oblique basal and medial lines and a white apical ring, tarsal segments one to three white except at base, segment five entirely white, tibia of hindleg with a very oblique white line from base to one-third, a second white lateral line nearly from base to spurs, from there towards dorsum as an oblique line to two-thirds, a short subapical white streak just before the white apical ring, first tarsal segment with a white basal and an ochreous-white apical ring, tarsal segments two to four with indistinct ochreous apical rings, tarsal segment five ochreous-white, spurs ochreous-white, ventrally with a dark grey streak. Forewing dark bronze brown with reddish gloss, five white lines in the basal area, a costal from one-quarter to the transverse fascia, a subcostal from base to two-fifths, slightly bending from costa, a short and straight medial above fold from one-quarter to near the transverse fascia, a slightly shorter subdorsal below fold, from one-third to just beyond the medial, a broad dorsal nearly from base to one-third and with some greenish and reddish reflections, a broad yellow transverse fascia beyond the middle, narrowed towards dorsum, bordered at the inner edge by two silver metallic, tubercular subcostal and subdorsal spots, the subdorsal spot further from base and slightly larger than the subcostal, bordered at the outer edge by two similarly coloured costal and dorsal spots, the dorsal spot twice as large as the costal and more towards base, the tubercular spots have purplish and greenish reflections, a narrow whitish costal streak apical from the outer costal spot and a shining white apical line inwardly not connected to the transverse fascia and ending in the cilia just before apex, cilia bronze brown around apex, brownish grey towards dorsum. Hindwing shining pale brownish grey, cilia brownish grey. Underside: forewing shining pale greyish brown, the white apical line indistinctly visible, hindwing greyish white, pale brownish grey at costa. Abdomen dorsally yellow, first segment yellowish white, laterally shining grey, ventrally shining white, in middle yellowish white, segments banded shining yellowish white posteriorly, anal tuft shining white.
The Putative Archaeal 2 TMS Holin (A2-Hol) Family (TC# 9.B.109) consists of a few putative holins from Nitrososphaerota ranging in size from about 130 to 165 amino acyl residues (aas) and exhibiting 2 transmembrane segments (TMSs). A representative list of proteins belonging to the A2-Hol family can be found in the Transporter Classification Database. The archaeon, Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum limnia, encodes adjacent genes designated Toxin Secretion/Lysis Holin. The "toxin" gene encodes a soluble protein of 325 aas stated as belonging to the "Glycosyltransferase GBT-type Superfamily". This protein brings up other glycosyltransferases in a NCBI BLAST search. The adjacent gene encodes a small protein of 132 aas and 2 TMSs (TC# 9.B.109.1.1) that could be a holin, based on its size and topology. This protein has the UniProt accession number of S2E3C4. Paralogues are found in this same organism (Candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum koreensis) and other closely related species.
The first fossils of Cristatusaurus were found in 1973 by French paleontologist Philippe Taquet at Gadoufaoua, a locality within the Elrhaz Formation in Niger. The holotype specimen, cataloged under the number MNHN GDF 366, consists of two premaxillae (frontmost snout bones), a partial right maxilla (main upper jaw bone), and a dentary fragment from the mandible. Several paratypes have been assigned: MNHN GDF 365, a snout of two articulated premaxillae; as well as MNHN GDF 357, 358, 359 and 361, four dorsal vertebrae. Two thumb claws from separate specimens were also subsequently attributed to Cristatusaurus. In 1984, the premaxilla specimens MNHN GDF 365 and 366 were first described in detail by Taquet, where he referred them to an unnamed new theropod within the family Spinosauridae, because of shared characteristics with the holotype dentary of Spinosaurus aegyptiacus. At the time Taquet believed these specimens belonged to the creature's lower jaw, since no theropod was known then with over five teeth in the premaxilla, while Cristatusaurus had seven. This was later proven incorrect in 1996 by Brazilian paleontologists Alexander Kellner and Diogenes Campos, in light of the discoveries of other spinosaurids preserving upper jaw tips with over five teeth.
Mourad Rais is a Project 1159T frigate (NATO reporting name: Koni II). The frigate has a length of 96.4 m (316 ft), beam of 12.6 m (41 ft) and draught of 3.5 m (11 ft). The frigate has a displacement of 1,463 tonnes (1,440 long tons) standard and 1,930 tonnes (1,900 long tons) at full load. The ship is powered by combined diesel and gas (CODAG) propulsion system, consisted of one SGW Nikolayev M8B gas turbine with 13,250 kilowatts (17,770 shp) and two Russki B-68 diesel engines with 11,630 kilowatts (15,600 shp) connected to three shafts. She has a top speed of 27 knots (50 km/h) with gas turbine and 22 knots (41 km/h) with diesels only, and range of 1,800 NM (3,300 km) with cruising speed of 14 knots (26 km/h). The ship has a complement of 130 personnel.
The main island of Abaiang, Teiro (not to be confused with the small islet of Teirio) has a total land area of 3,552.6 acres (14.377 km) extends from the northern village of Takarano to the southern village of Tabontebike. It occupies the complete eastern rim and also encircles the southern part of the atoll, stretching over a distance of some 23 miles (37 km) Its width ranges from no more than 90 metres (300 feet) to more than 1,000 metres (3,300 feet), averaging 390 metres (1,280 feet). It contains 16 of the 18 villages of the atoll. Two other islets, Riboono 219.3 acres (0.887 km) and Nuotaea 330.9 acres (1.339 km) are also inhabited. The remaining islets of Abaiang but Taete, with a land area of 215.5 acres (0.872 km) are mainly uninhabited, with lack of water and remoteness from the mainland being the main issues. They however are used for fishing, copra cutting and campsites. The islets of Ouba and Teirio have had small motels built on them, with staff travelling from the mainland of Abaiang and from Tarawa when guests are expected.
There are three churches in the colonia with the most important being the San Cosme Church, which was founded in 1575 by Juan de Zumárraga over the ruins of an earlier hermitage dedicated to Saints Cosmas and Damian. This hermitage was built on what is now the Ribera de San Cosme but then was the country road that connected Mexico City with then-independent city of Tacuba. The church's original purpose was evangelization of the natives of the area, and had a hospital for them. In 1669, the Franciscans converted the site into a charity collection center with the name of Santa María de la Consolación. The first stone of the current church was placed three years later in 1672 with a monastery constructed next door. The work was completed in 1675. Later, it became a parish church, as the monks handed both the church and monastery to regular clergy in 1854. This hospital was secularized to a military hospital, but these facilities were soon moved to the old San Pedro and San Pablo College in 1861. The parish church as a large collection of religious and colonial era art and has a Churrigueresque altarpiece from the 18th century. It was declared a national monument in 1931.
