Dahoma is an unincorporated community in Nassau County, Florida, United States. It is located on US 301, in the southwestern part of the county.
Dahoma is located at 30°28′11″N 81°54′31″W / 30.4697°N 81.9086°W.
Doman designed the Allied Subjects' Medal which was issued in 1922. This medal design was produced for a War Office competition of 1921. He also designed the 1928 Armistice medal (marking 10 years since the end of the First World War) which was issued by the Royal Mint.
Dhasmana was born on 2 October 1957 in Pauri, Uttarakhand and holds an M.Com. degree from Uttar Pradesh. He is 1981-batch Madhya Pradesh cadre IPS officer and was appointed on 3 December 1981. His domain of expertise is considered to be Balochistan, counter-terrorism and Islamic affairs. He also has a vast experience on Pakistan and Afghanistan.
AllThingsD.com also hosted content concerning its D Conferences; besides the annual main event in late Spring, in December 2010 they hosted D: Dive Into Mobile, the first brand extension of the conference in which representatives from leading mobile device and software producers were interviewed by members of AllThingsD.
Dagon Township (Burmese: ဒဂုံ မြို့နယ်) is located immediately north of downtown Yangon. The township comprises five wards, and shares borders with Bahan Township in the north, Ahlon Township in the west, Mingala Taungnyunt Township in the east, and Lanmadaw Township, Latha Township and Pabedan Township in the south.
Lama Shashi Dhoj Tulachan is the spiritual leader of Chhairo Gompa having been given responsibility for Chhairo Gompa by the current incarnation who is not a practicing lama.He is responsible for the physical reconstruction of the gompa as well as the teaching of the young monks from Mid West Region who have been brought to re-establish the gompa's monastic purpose.
Since 2021, Darian Clark has led the organisation as Chief Executive Officer.
Drayton Entertainment does not receive funding from any level of government for its annual operations and annual attendance exceeds 250,000. This makes Drayton Entertainment one of the largest professional theatre companies in Canada. It is also recognized by Canadian Actors' Equity Association as one of the largest employers of professional artists in Canada.
Dzidzienyo died of cancer in October 2020. His extensive personal collection of research documents from his years at Brown was later sorted and archived by students. He formed "lasting personal relationships with his students" as a mentor, fostering generations of scholars in Afro-Brazilian studies and encouraging them to learn Portuguese.
