A massage session typically begins with light petting from head to tail, both to relax the cat and to note areas of muscular tension, lumps, swelling, elevated temperature. After the cat has shown that it is relaxed, the owner may employ the effleurage technique: gliding, stroking motions with an open hand and medium pressure, following the muscle contours, and "toward the heart, so from the toes toward the torso, and from the backside toward the head". This is helpful in stimulating circulation of blood and lymph, as well as warming up the soft tissues; it may be effective in relieving edema (swelling caused by fluid build-up) in particular. This may progress to petrissage, a series of kneading and skin-rolling strokes of the skin and muscles, "from the ends of the limbs to the torso and from the tail to the head". This may relieve muscle tension, knots, and spasms. A more advanced technique is tapotement, the use of a rapid series of concussive or percussive medium-firm strokes to tap or carefully "chop" thicker muscles. This is performed using the edge of the hand, with either the fingertips held together or with the hand cupped circularly. This technique stimulates muscles and other tissues, increasing blood and lymph circulation. The massage session generally ends with another round of gentle stroking.
The depletion of Zn is necessary, because this isotope is transformed into Zn by neutron capture. Zn with a half-life of 244.26 days emits gamma radiation with 1.115 MeV. Zn has a natural abundance of 48.6%, but in DZO it is reduced below 1%. Adding zinc oxide to the primary water loop of a boiling water reactor or pressurized water nuclear reactor reduces corrosion and therefore minimizes the amount of dissolved materials, especially Co.
In 1791, the French Academy of Sciences chose to define the metre as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the North or South Pole. This replaced the earlier definition based on the period of a pendulum, because the force of Earth's gravity varies slightly over the surface of the Earth, which affects the period of a pendulum. To establish a universally accepted foundation for the definition of the metre, more accurate measurements of a meridian were needed. The French Academy of Sciences commissioned an expedition led by Jean Baptiste Joseph Delambre and Pierre Méchain, lasting from 1792 to 1799, which attempted to accurately measure the distance between a belfry in Dunkerque and Montjuïc castle in Barcelona to estimate the length of the meridian arc through Dunkerque. This portion of the meridian, assumed to be the same length as the Paris meridian, was to serve as the basis for the length of the quarter meridian connecting the North Pole with the Equator. The problem with this approach is that the exact shape of the Earth is not a simple mathematical shape, such as a sphere or oblate spheroid, at the level of precision required for defining a standard of length. The irregular and particular shape of the Earth smoothed to sea level is represented by a mathematical model called a geoid, which literally means "Earth-shaped". Despite these issues, in 1793 France adopted this definition of the metre as its official unit of length based on provisional results from this expedition. However, it was later determined that the first prototype metre bar was short by about 200 micrometres because of miscalculation of the flattening of the Earth, making the prototype about 0.02% shorter than the original proposed definition of the metre. Regardless, this length became the French standard and was progressively adopted by other countries in Europe. This is why the polar circumference of the Earth is 40,008 km, instead of 40,000.
By 1648, records indicate that there had been a noticeable extension of the spit at Shoreham of 1.4 kilometres (0.87 mi) and the total length of the spit was 2.4 kilometres (1.5 mi). A 1698 record shows that it had extended a further six hundred metres (660 yd) and that many bars had formed within the river. As Shoreham beach grew eastwards it thinned to less than five hundred metres (550 yd) by 1698 and the lagoons opposite New Shoreham had silted up and become marshland. A number of artificial cuts were made in the late 17th and 18th centuries but these all silted up. By 1757, the Adur entered the sea at Aldrington, 5.1 kilometres (3.2 mi) and in 1760 the decision was taken to create an artificial cut at Kingston to improve access to the port and upstream drainage upstream. The new cut resulted in increased tidal floes which overwhelmed the saltmarshes on the north bank. A map of 1778–1783 showed that there was a belt of marsh which was protected by the shingle bar to the east of the exit, then wider than the present bar. Deposition of sediment meant the entrance to the port continued to drift and in 1818 the original 1760 cut was re-excavated and groynes and breakwaters were built to protect it. In 1821 the cut was made a permanent opening by the building of walls while in 1860 the old channel east of Kingston was canalised to become a basin where water levels were controlled by locks. The estuary appears to have been stabilised from 1816, however, the mud and sand banks within the estuary have shifted. The western arm of the shingle bar has gained sufficient material for housing development to be permitted. The eastern arm has seen the amount of shingle slowly decrease and this has caused concern about the safety and stability of the former power station at Shoreham.
This species, at 21 cm (8.3 in), is a fairly large species. Among standard measurements, the wing chord is 7.9 to 9.2 cm (3.1 to 3.6 in), the relatively short tail is 8.9 to 10.6 cm (3.5 to 4.2 in), the bill is 1.5 to 1.8 cm (0.59 to 0.71 in) and the tarsus is 2.8 to 3.4 cm (1.1 to 1.3 in). Males weigh from 61 to 68 g (2.2 to 2.4 oz) and females from 54.5 to 62.5 g (1.92 to 2.20 oz). In terms of weight, and standard bill and tarsal measurements, this is the largest species of emberizid overall, although related species, including Abert's, canyon and California towhees, outrank the collared towhee in overall length, as well as tail and wing length. In the collared towhee, the chestnut cap, yellowish green upperparts, black cheek and breast band, gray flanks, and white chin are curiously similar to that of the chestnut-capped brush finch, but note the latter's thinner breast band and more golden (not whitish) supercilium. The towhee's trilling song interspersed with chips is also very different from the brush-finche's very high-pitched hissing song.
The height of the shell varies between 10 mm and 12 mm, its diameter between 12 mm and 15 mm. The very solid, deeply, narrowly false-umbilicate shell has a globose-conic shape. It is fawn colored, lighter beneath and roseate at the apex. The shell is sharply granose-lirate, usually with every second rib articulated with dots of white or black or both. It contains about 6 whorls. The upper ones are nearly fiat, the penultimate and last convex, the former with 7 or 8 spiral distinctly granose lirae, the last with about 18, of which the 7th usually is upon the periphery. The interstices are finely obliquely striate. The body whorl is deflected anteriorly, and rounded at the periphery. The; base of the shell is somewhat convex. The oblique aperture is small and contracted. The outer lip bears within a strong tooth above, and an inconspicuous rather acute thread at the place of the periphery. The basal lip is expanded, curved and slightly denticulate. The columella is very oblique, slightly tortuous above and enters very deeply, terminating below in a strong plicate tooth, and with a smooth margin, save for a small denticle immediately above the basal tooth. The parietal tract is wrinkled. The umbilicus has a plicate-denticulate border.
Corymbia ferruginea is a straggly tree that typically grows to a height of 3–12 m (9.8–39.4 ft) and forms a lignotuber. Young plants and coppice regrowth have more or less sessile, rusty green, hairy, broadly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or elliptical leaves that are 60–140 mm (2.4–5.5 in) long and 25–70 mm (0.98–2.76 in) wide. The leaves in the crown of the tree are juvenile leaves that are the same shade of dull green on both sides, with brown hairs along the veins, broadly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or elliptical, 63–180 mm (2.5–7.1 in) long and 30–90 mm (1.2–3.5 in) wide and sessile or on a petiole up to 8 mm (0.31 in) long. The flower buds are arranged on the ends of branchlets of a branched, densely hairy, rusty brown peduncle 4–35 mm (0.16–1.38 in) long, each branch of the peduncle with three or seven buds. The buds are sessile or on pedicels up to 5 mm (0.20 in) long. Mature buds are oval to pear-shaped, 7–14 mm (0.28–0.55 in) long and 5–8 mm (0.20–0.31 in) wide with a rounded operculum. Flowering occurs from January to April and the flowers are pale creamy yellow. The fruit is a woody urn-shaped capsule 18–33 mm (0.71–1.30 in) long and 15–29 mm (0.59–1.14 in) wide with the valves enclosed in the fruit.
In 1958, she began dividing her time between Barcelona, Paris, and Caracas and continued to show in group exhibitions at the Sala Mendoza (a Kunsthalle run by the Fundación Mendoza in Caracas) in 1959 and 1960. Her first one-person exhibition of her high-fire pottery was held at the Museo de Bellas Artes (Caracas) in 1963, followed by a solo exhibition at the Sala Mendoza in 1964, where she presented works from her Los Bichos (Bugs) series of fantastical animals. This exhibition marked a pivotal moment, as Merchán transitioned from the tradition of utilitarian ceramics, and became more interested in the medium as sculpture. Her work was shown internationally throughout her lifetime, including solo exhibitions at the Museo de Bellas Artes (1969), Henriette Gomès gallery in Paris (1973, 1976, and 1977), and at the Museu de Cerámica in Barcelona (1980). Her later works consisted mainly of ovoid vases, glazed and fired at high temperatures. Merchán is distinguished by her glazes of subtle tonal variations that are laid over surfaces alternately smooth, textured, or incised with simplistic geometric patterns. Her personal collection of works is now housed at the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, the Louvre, Paris.
True to its name, the glacier lies inside the north-facing crater left by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens and the glacier's elevation is about 6,794 ft (2,071 m). A massive central lava dome emplaced from 1980 to 1987 occupies the center of the crater, and the glacier formed in the shape of a horseshoe around the dome, with two terminal moraines on the eastern and western sides. Heavy winter snowfall, repeated snow avalanches, rockfalls, and sun-shading by the surrounding cliffs to the south, led to the exceptionally rapid growth of this glacier. Thus, the glacier composition is estimated to be 60% ice and 40% rock, with an average thickness of 328 feet (100 m) and a maximum thickness of around 656 feet (200 m); nearly as deep as Mount Rainier 's Carbon Glacier. None of the ice is older than the year 1980, but by 2001 the volume of the new glacier was about 40%-50% as large as all the pre–1980 glaciers combined. The surface of the glacier looks dark and dirty in the summer due to the numerous rockfalls from the steep, unstable crater walls along with ash from eruptions, all of which help to insulate and protect the growing glacier. The 2004-2008 volcanic activity created a series of domes that nearly split the glacier into two lobes at the south end of the crater. In spite of the four-year lava dome building period, the glacier remains North America 's youngest and fastest growing glacier. With the joining of the termini on the north end of Crater Glacier in May 2008, the body of ice completely encircles the lava domes. Meltwater from the glacier gives rise to Loowit Creek.
Geyish brown; the vertex of head dark; pro-, meso-, and meta- thorax each with a dark transverse streak; dorso-lateral oblique dark stripes on each segment of the abdomen. Fore wing with nine curved and waved antemedial dark lines, the interspaces between three of the pairs of lines being filled in with dark brown, so as to form one subbasal and two antemedial bands; a dark-ringed pale speck at end of cell, the pale center being sometimes obsolete; four postmedial curved lines; an oblique dark band from beyond the middle of the costa to outer angle, in some of the forms produced outwards along vein 5 so as to be more oblique; a pale submarginal obsolescent line from below the apex to outer angle, sometimes carried out to the margin at vein 4. Hind wing brownish fuscous, with traces of a pale patch and dark lines near anal angle. Underside more or less suffused with ferruginous, ochreous, and grey; the outer margin of both wings dark; hind wing with five indistinct lines.......larva green; a series of brown dorsal spots and of lateral oblique stripes on 5th to 10th somites; an ocellated spot on 4th somite; a black stripe from 1st to 4th somite, with a yellow line above it; horn brown.
