Genoels soon received a commission for tapestry designs from Gi. de la Noire Tapissier. A series of other commissions soon followed. The court painter (Premier peintre du roi) Charles Le Brun had at the time been put in charge of the Gobelins Manufactory, the royal tapestry works newly created in 1663. Le Brun had hired the Flemish battle painter Adam Frans van der Meulen to design tapestries depicting the French king's military campaigns. Adam Frans van der Meulen attracted a number of Flemish artists, including Genoels and Adriaen Frans Boudewijns, to assist him in the design of these tapestries. In 1669–70 Genoels was sent to the southern Netherlands with Boudewijns and Jan van Huchtenburg to draw three views of the chateau of Mariemont to serve as tapestry designs for the Gobelins. The accounts of the Gobelins show that the three artists also received payments for their work on designs for a series of tapestries depicting the 'Months of the Year'. Adriaen Frans Boudewijns engraved numerous works by Genoels.
" A Change in Me " is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Tim Rice for the musical Beauty and the Beast, a stage adaptation of Disney's 1991 animated film of the same name. The song was written specifically for American singer Toni Braxton when she joined the production to play the role of Belle in 1998, four years into the musical's run. Menken and Rice wrote "A Change in Me" to appease Braxton after Rice promised the singer, who was hesitant to sign her contract, that he would write an entirely new song for her to perform in the musical on the condition that she finally agree to play Belle.
The Ladies' Home Journal published an article in February 1941 about health and beauty from the perspective of Dr. T. A. Pierson and his son Dr. J. R. Pierson. In the article the two doctors offer advice to women on how to stay slim and encourage women to follow a simple "slimming diet" rather than fad diets. They suggest that it is better for women to be under weight than overweight. They also explain how one of the best exercises for a woman are her household duties, and that besides those she doesn't need more exercise.
The 1968 European Formula Two season was contested over nine rounds. Jean Pierre Beltoise won the championship in Pergusa-Enna. Although Jochen Rindt won 5 races, he was a graded driver and was therefore not allowed to score championship points.
Allegory of Sight is an oil painting by Jan Brueghel the Younger. The painting showcases varied objects associated with sight, the arts, and navigation. The painting was heavily influenced by The Five Senses, a series of allegorical paintings done by the younger Brueghel's father, Jan Brueghel the Elder.
Composer Alan Menken and lyricist Tim Rice had already written six original songs for the stage adaptation of Beauty and the Beast, most of which focus on character development, including a solo for Belle entitled "Home". In July 1998, American R&B singer Toni Braxton entered final negotiations to make her Broadway debut as Belle in Beauty and the Beast, replacing actress Kim Huber in the role. Despite having initial reservations due to the singer's reputation as a sex symbol, director Robert Jess Roth eventually concluded that Braxton would offer an "interesting" interpretation of Belle after first meeting with her to discuss the role and observing similarities between Braxton's own personality and the character's. Once Roth forwarded his approval of the singer's casting to Disney, the studio began collaborating with Braxton's management on developing a contract stipulating that the singer would appear in the show for a three-month period. However, various circumstances resulted in Braxton continuously delaying to sign the contract until she met for dinner with Menken, Rice and choreographer Matt West; Roth was out of town at the time and unable to attend due to scheduling conflicts.
Abdel Kader Belghiti (born 1937) is a Moroccan boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. At the 1960 Summer Olympics, he lost to Rocky Gattellari of Australia.
After the invasion began, Drava steamed upstream to Mohács in Hungary to shell the airfield there on 6 and 8 April, but was subjected to daily attacks by the Luftwaffe. On 10 April, Drava and Morava were ordered to sail downstream to conform with the withdrawals of the 1st and 2nd Army's from Bačka and Baranja. Around 2:00 p.m. the following day, a Yugoslav lookout near Batina signaled Drava that four Hungarian patrol boats, armed with 70 mm (2.8 in) guns, were coming down the Danube from the direction of Mohács. Drava engaged the patrol boats at a range of 6–7 km (3.7–4.3 mi), and drove the small Hungarian flotilla north again. At 4:00 p.m., Berić once again ordered the shelling of the airfield at Mohács. Morale on the ship was good, but when Berić met with Royal Yugoslav Army elements later that day, he became aware of the situation elsewhere, and nine crew members deserted.
Abdel Jabbar Bel Gnaoui (1 March 1942 – November 2016) was a Moroccan basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Abraham Genoels was born on 25 May 1640 in Antwerp as the son of the starch maker Peter Genoels and Cornelia Melis. He studied from age 11 to 15 drawing under Jacques Backereel and later perspective under Nicolaes Fierlants in Antwerp. He decided to leave Antwerp as soon as he had finished his studies.
